Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Go. Go. Are you okay? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Let's go. Get your meat hooks off of me.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. What? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Doc. Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yoo. You don't understand. Ahh. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Doc, you gotta help- Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? No, why, what's a matter? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? This is for all you lovers out there. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

He's a very strange young man. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You'll find out in thirty years. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Yeah, sure, okay. And where's my reports? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Uh, look me up when you get there.

Calvin. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hi, Marty.

Yeah. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Now Biff, don't con me.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. He's alright. George. George.

What the hell is this? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Are those my clocks I hear?

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I, I don't know. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Hello. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. You too. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Doc, you gotta help- Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Never mind that now, never mind that now. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Right. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Marty, why are you so nervous? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Will you take care of that? No. No, bastards.

You got a permit for that? Uh, yeah. Calvin. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Go. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Your, your right.

Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Hello. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Perfect, just perfect. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. It's a board with wheels. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Well gee, I don't know. Without any sugar. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Keys?

Go. Go. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Wait a minute. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. No, Doc.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What, what is it hot? Doc, she didn't even look at him. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Ronald Reagon. What? No, why, what's a matter? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? You'll find out. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Oh. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Wrecked? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Precisely. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Take care. Are you gonna order something, kid?

What? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. The storm.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Damn. I'm late for school. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. The future, it's where you're going? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Say that again. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Excuse me. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Yeah, sure, okay.

Jesus. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yeah. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Say that again.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Crazy drunk drivers.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Yet. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Yeah, who are you? Let's get him.

Yeah, where does he live? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. We never would have fallen in love. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Say that again.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Good morning. Working. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Hello.

Save the clock tower. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Jesus.

I followed you. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Where the hell are they. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Don't say a word.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Who is that guy. Hey boy, are you alright?

That's for messing up my hair. The storm. I'll call you tonight. Huh? That's him.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Why not? Save the clock tower. Well, this is a radiation suit. Good morning, Mom.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Stop it. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Marty, is that you? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hi. Yeah, where does he live? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Actually, people call me Marty. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Alright, I'm ready. Flux capacitor. Right.

Science Fiction Theater. Who? Oh, yeah, yeah. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Yeah, it's 8:00. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. We all make mistakes in life, children

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. The flux capacitor. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Next, please. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. The future, it's where you're going? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Yeah, it's 8:00. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Whoa, whoa, okay. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I'm gonna be at the dance. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Without any sugar. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Precisely. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Ah. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. It's about the future, isn't it? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hello.

Nothing. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. George.

Okay Doc, this is it. About how far ahead are you going? Excuse me. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Who? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Doc? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Wrecked? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Huh? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? What? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I have to tell you about the future.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah okay. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah, where does he live? Marty. Marty. Marty.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. What's the meaning of this.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. I'll call you tonight. What, I don't get what happened.

Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo And he could sleep in my room. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Will you take care of that? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Back to the future. Yeah, who are you?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. I haven't

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Yeah. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

C'mon, c'mon. Yeah. That's a big bruise you have there. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Good morning, Mom. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Flux capacitor. No. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Bet your ass it works. Scram, McFly.

Mom, is that you? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Ah well, sort of. Marty, is that you? Marty you gotta come back with me. This sounds pretty heavy.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Yeah, exactly. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

What, what is it hot? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hello. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Never? Leave her alone, you bastard.

Take care. What? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. No. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. What Lorraine, what? Who is that guy.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Wrecked? Okay, but I don't know what to say. George. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Whoa, wait, Doc. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? That's good advice, Marty. Wrecked?

Hey boy, are you alright? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Are you okay? No, Doc.

Yeah, it's 8:00. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. You'll find out.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Quiet.

Yeah, where does he live? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. That's right.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Do you mind if we park for a while? Doc.

Say that again. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Well, she's not doing a very good job. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

Are those my clocks I hear? He's a very strange young man. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? We never would have fallen in love. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Right, and where am I gonna be? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Erased from existence. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

What? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Bet your ass it works. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Huh? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Save the clock tower. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Doc? Doc. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Where were we. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Okay.

That's for messing up my hair. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Did you hurt your head? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

What? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Hi, Marty. Calvin.

Stop it. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Right. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

What a nightmare. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Doc? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Doc, you gotta help- The storm. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Doc. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. The future, it's where you're going? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. C'mon. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Leave me alone. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Shit. Thanks. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Who are you?

Yeah, sure, okay. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yeah. What was it, George, bird watching? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

That's him. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Yeah. Precisely. Get your meat hooks off of me. Uh, yeah. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Well, they're bigger than me. Precisely. Next, please. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Yeah, where does he live?

Without any sugar. C'mon, c'mon. Yet. Marty, will we ever see you again? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. How about a ride, Mister? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? I guarantee it. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Weight has nothing to do with it. I hope so. Hello, Jennifer. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Don't tell me anything. Ah. Yeah, exactly. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Yeah, who are you? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Really. What? What was it, George, bird watching?

Where does he come from? Doc, you gotta help- Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? What's a rerun? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

You're George McFly. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Yeah. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Shit.

Scram, McFly. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Bet your ass it works.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Yoo. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Uh, Doc. Stop it.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Working. Crazy drunk drivers.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Lorraine, are you up there? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Precisely. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I just wanna use the phone. Thank you. In about thirty years. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Go. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Right. Marty you gotta come back with me. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. What, well you mean like a date? Ahh. Huh?

Marty, why are you so nervous? You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Keys? George. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Will you take care of that? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Lorraine, are you up there? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Huh? Leave me alone. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Lorraine.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Right. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? I will.

Stop it. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Okay Doc, this is it. Don't say a word. It's a board with wheels.

Next, please. Marty, you made it. Hey boy, are you alright? Lorraine. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? That's good advice, Marty. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Precisely. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? C'mon, c'mon. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

He's a very strange young man. George, help me, please. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Whoa, this is heavy. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Yeah. Oh. We do now. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Where's Einstein, is he with you? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Leave her alone, you bastard.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Doc. Yeah. What's a rerun? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Right about here. Well, I guess that's everything. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Right. It's my dad. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Yeah. You got a permit for that? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Jesus. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Oh.

Right. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Ronald Reagon. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Precisely.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. George. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. You're George McFly.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Huh? Who are you? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Ahh. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. I'll call you tonight. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Well, I guess that's everything. Take care. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Uh? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Right about here. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. I can't play. Excuse me. Marty, such a nice name. Ahh.

I'll get it back to you, alright? We never would have fallen in love. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Yeah, it's in the back. What's the meaning of this.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. I don't wanna see you in here again. Well, this is a radiation suit. No. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Yeah. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Erased from existence. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

I've gotta go. I'll get it back to you, alright? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Ah. The flux capacitor. Wow, you must be rich. Yet.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Actually, people call me Marty. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Excuse me. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. He's an absolute dream.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, who are you? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Are those my clocks I hear? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Thanks. Next, please. Ronald Reagon.

We all make mistakes in life, children Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. You bet. Wrecked? Right.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? This is for all you lovers out there. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? You know what I do in those situations?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Now Biff, don't con me. Is she pretty? Working. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Right about here. Lorraine, are you up there? Its good.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Doc, you gotta help- Why do you keep following me around? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Oh.

He's an absolute dream. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Back to the future. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Breakfast. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Oh. And where's my reports?

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Hello. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Huh?

Alright, punk, now- Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Well gee, I don't know. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Holy shit.

Who? That's for messing up my hair. Don't say a word. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. What a nightmare. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Ah. Whoa.

What? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. George, help me, please. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

No, bastards. Excuse me. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Listen, Doc.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. You okay, is everything alright? What, well you mean like a date?

Excuse me. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. I'm gonna be at the dance. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Doc, you gotta help-

Sit here, Marty. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. C'mon. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Excuse me. Who are you? Wait a minute.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Scram, McFly. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Are you okay?

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Well, they're bigger than me. Well, I guess that's everything. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

George. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Don't tell me anything. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Thanks. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Jesus. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. That ain't no airplane, look. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Bet your ass it works. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Uh, I think so. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. C'mon, c'mon.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. You bet. Stop it.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Who's are these? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Oh, yeah, yeah. You'll find out. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

What's going on? Where have you been all week? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Marty you gotta come back with me. Well, I guess that's everything.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Scram, McFly. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? He's alright. Look, you gotta listen to me. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Ahh. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Oh. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

He's an absolute dream. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Doc. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Look, you gotta listen to me. Where does he come from? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Okay. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. C'mon.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Precisely. I have to tell you about the future. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

C'mon. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, gimme a Tab. You'll find out in thirty years. We all make mistakes in life, children

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? We all make mistakes in life, children Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Excuse me. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Yeah, exactly. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Uh, coast guard. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Excuse me. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Jesus, you smoke too? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No, Doc.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. What's that thing he's on? Are those my clocks I hear? Why is she gonna get angry with you?

No, Biff, you leave her alone. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

He's alright. I'm gonna ram him. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Okay Doc, this is it.

Good morning. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? How's your head? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Yeah okay. And where's my reports? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

The keys are in the trunk. Yoo. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Without any sugar. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's good advice, Marty. Oh.

What? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hi. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

I just wanna use the phone. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Thanks. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Breakfast.

I will. Okay. Your, your right. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Uh, well, I gotta go. We never would have fallen in love. What the hell is a gigawatt?

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Watch it, Goldie.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Quiet. Weight has nothing to do with it. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Where the hell are they. C'mon, c'mon. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

No, not yet. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Get your meat hooks off of me. Next, please. The future, it's where you're going?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Never? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Just finishing up the second coat now. Yeah.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Shit. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Is she pretty? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Who do you think, the Libyans. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

I will. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Ah. Whoa. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Marty, are you alright? It's about the future, isn't it? Why not?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Yeah. Okay Doc, this is it.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Who, who? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

He's a very strange young man. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Let's get him. Ahh. Yoo.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. You're George McFly. This sounds pretty heavy.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Oh yes sir. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Ah, honey, your first novel. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Uh? What was it, George, bird watching? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Doc. Leave me alone. Yeah, it's 8:00. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Wow, you must be rich. Yeah, he's right here.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well, I guess that's everything. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Good morning. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Biff.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. I said the keys are in here. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Perfect, just perfect. What, I don't get what happened.

No, bastards. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Nothing. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Uh, Doc. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Precisely.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Right about here. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. And he could sleep in my room.

Yeah okay. You'll find out in thirty years. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Yeah, who are you? Well, they're bigger than me. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? C'mon. Alright, punk, now- It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Ah, honey, your first novel. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. I don't wanna see you in here again. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

You got a permit for that? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Good morning. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I, I don't know. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? That's good advice, Marty. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Your, your right.

You bet. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. The hell you doing to my car? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Okay.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Doc.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. You okay, is everything alright? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Go. Go. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Science Fiction Theater.

Okay. God dammit, I'm late. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Ahh.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. What? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Right. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Leave me alone. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Back to the future. That's a big bruise you have there. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Yeah. Uh, yeah.

What? What the hell is a gigawatt? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. The storm. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Ahh. Huh? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Hey boy, are you alright? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Oh. Uh, look me up when you get there. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Who is that guy.

What? You know what I do in those situations? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

That's George McFly. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? No, Biff, you leave her alone. What? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Will you take care of that? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Who is that guy. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Yet.

Weight has nothing to do with it. Who do you think, the Libyans. Okay. Ah well, sort of. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Ahh. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Okay.

Say that again. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. I'll get it back to you, alright? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Doc? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Right about here. Biff. Get your meat hooks off of me. The storm. Hey boy, are you alright?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Ahh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Stop it.

Perfect, just perfect. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. No. Biff.

Mom, is that you? Doc, wait. No, bastards. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Thanks a lot, kid. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. No, why, what's a matter?

He's a very strange young man. Jennifer. What? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You okay, is everything alright? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? And where's my reports? Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah, I think maybe you do. I'll call you tonight. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Yeah. Ronald Reagon.

Hello. Ahh. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Your, your right. Doc. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. You okay, is everything alright?

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Save the clock tower.

Yeah. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? That's good advice, Marty. Say that again. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? What about George?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Who, who? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Uh, well, I gotta go. What about George?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Because, you might regret it later in life. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Ah. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

It's my dad. Get your meat hooks off of me. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Yeah, who are you? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. this has gotta be a dream. I have a feeling too.

Your, your right. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Right, I got it. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Hello. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hey boy, are you alright? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Excuse me. Your, your right. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Where does he come from?

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Ahh. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Erased from existence. Really. What the hell is this? Oh, just a little weather experiment. Will you take care of that?

Wow, you must be rich. I said the keys are in here. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- We all make mistakes in life, children I can't play.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Hey. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Yeah, exactly.

Yet. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Hi, Marty. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Who are you? I've gotta go. Take care.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Who do you think, the Libyans. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Because, you might regret it later in life. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Right, I got it.

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Stop it. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Breakfast. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Ah. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Let's get him. Marty, you made it. Will you take care of that? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Who? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Jennifer. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

I have to tell you about the future. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Don't say a word. Children.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Never? Oh, just a little weather experiment. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. You do?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Right.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

You know what I do in those situations? What, well you mean like a date? The hell you doing to my car? Erased from existence. Oh.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

What, I don't get what happened. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Ahh.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Where the hell are they. You have this thing hooked up to the car? You're George McFly.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Go. Go. What you got under here?

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. You'll find out. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

What's with the life preserver? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? No, bastards. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Oh yes sir. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Crazy drunk drivers. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. You know what I do in those situations? Right check, Doc. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. What?

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? That ain't no airplane, look.

Look, you gotta listen to me. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Yeah. McFly. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. It's a board with wheels. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

That ain't no airplane, look. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Oh. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Biff.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? What the hell is this? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Precisely.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Alright, punk, now- Nothing's coming to my mind. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Ah well, sort of.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. What did you say? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- That's George McFly.

Uh, well, I gotta go. Ah. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. It's a board with wheels.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Holy shit. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Wow, you must be rich. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yeah, he's right here. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Quiet.

I can't play. He's alright. Marty, you made it. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Erased from existence. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Uh, well, I gotta go. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. This sounds pretty heavy.

Precisely. Well, Biff. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Damn. I'm late for school.

What Lorraine, what? Go. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Let's get him. What Lorraine, what?

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. What, well you mean like a date?

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. The future, it's where you're going? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. No. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Wrecked? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Whoa, whoa, okay.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Bet your ass it works. Damn. I'm late for school. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

God dammit, I'm late. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Yeah. Hello. Precisely. What? Biff.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Marty, are you alright? Ah, honey, your first novel. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Well gee, I don't know. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Oh. I think we need a rematch. The hell you doing to my car? No, not yet. Hello.

Well, this is a radiation suit. What? I followed you. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Whoa, this is heavy. Ah, honey, your first novel. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Right about here.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. We never would have fallen in love. Huh? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. McFly. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Get your meat hooks off of me. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Well, I guess that's everything.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Perfect, just perfect. Nothing's coming to my mind. Mom, Dad. Ah well, sort of.

Yeah, it's in the back. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. No.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Um, well it's a delorean, right? What? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Are you sure about this storm? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Is she pretty? Why not? What's a rerun?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. What? Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? That's good advice, Marty. C'mon.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Lorraine. Okay. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Oh. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Marty, are you alright? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Ah. Whoa. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Holy shit.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What did I just say? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Yeah, who are you? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Biff.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Hello. No, Doc. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

That's right. Oh. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Are you okay?

Do you mind if we park for a while? Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Marty, is that you? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. You don't understand. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Okay Doc, this is it. Huh? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Where were we. Yeah.

David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Where's Einstein, is he with you? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Marty, that was very interesting music. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Where? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Ah. What? Oh.

I said the keys are in here. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Children. I said the keys are in here.

This is for all you lovers out there. Unroll their fire. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. The storm. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Right about here.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I hope so. Excuse me. Hello, Jennifer.

Ah. Whoa. Doc. What? Sit here, Marty. Marty, are you alright?

And he could sleep in my room. Ah. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. C'mon.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Never? No. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Look, you gotta listen to me.

And he could sleep in my room. Yeah. No. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Let's go. You too. What's with the life preserver? Shit. That's George McFly.

Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Doc, you gotta help- Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Whoa, whoa, okay. Are those my clocks I hear? How's your head? Marty, will we ever see you again?

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Are those my clocks I hear?

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Keys?

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. The storm. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Precisely. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Holy shit. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Excuse me.

Say that again. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Okay Doc, this is it. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Oh. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Get your meat hooks off of me. He's an absolute dream.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. That ain't no airplane, look. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Because, you might regret it later in life. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Is she pretty?

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Biff. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. What you got under here? But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

What did you say? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Right check, Doc. Nothing's coming to my mind. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Go. Go. Yeah, where does he live? George. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. George. George.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Ahh. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Mom, is that you?

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What about George? Ohh, no. Yeah.

this has gotta be a dream. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Where does he come from? Ahh. Ahh. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Take care. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I haven't There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Ah. Whoa. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Marty, is that you?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? You too.

What the hell is this? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

You too. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Yeah. Nothing.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. No, bastards. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yet. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Don't say a word.

What? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? this has gotta be a dream. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. No, Doc.

Breakfast. How's your head? Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I have a feeling too.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Oh, yeah, yeah. Save the clock tower. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Uh, well, I gotta go. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yeah.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. The hell you doing to my car? Is she pretty? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. George. I haven't No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Save the clock tower. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. What? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? What? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

That's George McFly? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Marty, is that you? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Without any sugar. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. What you got under here?

Marty. Marty. Marty. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Alright, punk, now- Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Okay Doc, this is it. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

You know what I do in those situations? Yeah. Who are you? Well, Biff. Yeah.

Okay Doc, this is it. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. God dammit, I'm late. Why do you keep following me around? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Look, you gotta listen to me.

Sit here, Marty. Look, you gotta listen to me. God dammit, I'm late. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. That ain't no airplane, look.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I will. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Yeah. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, is that a de- Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Marty, such a nice name. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

What? Sit here, Marty. I will. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. George: you ever think of running for class president? I have a feeling too.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

I haven't Lorenzo, where're you keys? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Ah, honey, your first novel. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Ahh. Marty, such a nice name. I think we need a rematch.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. What? What the hell is this? George.

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Breakfast. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. The hell you doing to my car? I, I don't know.

Excuse me. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. How about a ride, Mister? Oh.

Yeah, it's 8:00. What? You're George McFly. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Who? It's a board with wheels. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Why not? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Right. Stop it.

No, why, what's a matter? Ahh. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What you got under here? No, bastards. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Hello. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Thank you. In about thirty years. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Let's go.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Uh, Doc. Ronald Reagon. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Uh, yeah.

Stop it. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. He's your brother, Mom. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Calvin. Yeah, exactly. Huh? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Leave me alone. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Who is that guy. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Let's go. What? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Oh. Yeah, where does he live? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

Yeah. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? George. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Yeah, he's right here. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Jennifer. God dammit, I'm late.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Crazy drunk drivers. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Doc, you gotta help-

Hello. Jennifer. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Uh, coast guard. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. What? Is she pretty? Marty, are you alright?

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. That's him. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. How about a ride, Mister? Whoa, wait, Doc. Wrecked?

Excuse me. Are you gonna order something, kid? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Precisely. Mom, is that you?

Doc, you gotta help- Yoo. Yoo. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. I just wanna use the phone. Never mind that now, never mind that now. I think I know exactly what you mean. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Save the clock tower. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Save the clock tower. George. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. I just wanna use the phone. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Uh, I think so.

He's a very strange young man. What a nightmare. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Alright, punk, now- Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Are you sure about this storm? Well gee, I don't know. Never?

That's for messing up my hair. Let's get him. Right, and where am I gonna be? Wait a minute. Thanks a lot, kid.

You got a permit for that? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Hello. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Uh, look me up when you get there. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Let's go. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Okay. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Okay. I have a feeling too. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah, it's in the back. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? He's your brother, Mom. Marty, are you alright? Weight has nothing to do with it. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Ah well, sort of. Where? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

I'll call you tonight. Hi. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Are you sure about this storm?

We do now. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Listen, Doc. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. And where's my reports? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What, well you mean like a date? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

The flux capacitor. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. George, help me, please. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Perfect, just perfect.

You too. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Thanks. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

The keys are in the trunk. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Ah, honey, your first novel. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Ohh, no.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Ah, honey, your first novel. Jesus. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Yoo.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Yeah okay. Well, I guess that's everything. I'll get it back to you, alright? A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Oh. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Right check, Doc. What?

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. The hell you doing to my car? I haven't Marty you gotta come back with me. I will.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hello, Jennifer. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance.

Marty, are you alright? C'mon. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Hi.

What? That's George McFly. The hell you doing to my car? About how far ahead are you going? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

It's my dad. What, what, ma? Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What you got under here?

Yoo. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Whoa, this is heavy. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. I have a feeling too. That's right. About how far ahead are you going?

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Uh, look me up when you get there. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Weight has nothing to do with it. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Let's put him in there. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Precisely. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Let's put him in there. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Thanks, thanks a lot. Marty, that was very interesting music. Its good.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Right. Let's go. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Hello, Jennifer. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Doc. Right.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Where? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Precisely.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. That's for messing up my hair. Hey. No, Doc. The future, it's where you're going?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. God dammit, I'm late. Sit here, Marty. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Uh, coast guard. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? We do now.

Oh. What? What? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Thanks a lot, kid.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Wait a minute. C'mon, c'mon let's go. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Just finishing up the second coat now. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Because, you might regret it later in life. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Hey boy, are you alright? Bet your ass it works. Whoa, whoa, okay. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Never? I'm gonna ram him. I will. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. What, well you mean like a date? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Don't say a word.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. What was it, George, bird watching?

Take care. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Thanks, thanks a lot. Crazy drunk drivers.

Ahh. Excuse me. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Right check, Doc. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Will you take care of that? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What's a rerun? Is she pretty?

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Jesus. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

Yeah. That's George McFly. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? You'll find out. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

Where the hell are they. Nothing's coming to my mind. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Are those my clocks I hear? Well, Biff.

Ah. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Precisely. No, Doc.

Are you okay? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Wrecked? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Biff. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? That's George McFly. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Hey boy, are you alright? No. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Yeah, who are you? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Well, I figured, what the hell. Are those my clocks I hear?

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? C'mon, c'mon. Who, who? That's right. Yeah.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Doc, is that a de- When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Hi. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. It's about the future, isn't it? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Where were we.

Doc. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Ronald Reagon.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Will you take care of that? Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Are you sure about this storm? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. About how far ahead are you going? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Get your meat hooks off of me. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Right. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Unroll their fire. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Thanks, thanks a lot. Crazy drunk drivers. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

It's my dad. Which one's your pop? You got a permit for that? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Leave her alone, you bastard.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hey boy, are you alright? Uh?

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. And where's my reports? Why not? Oh. I don't wanna see you in here again.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. You too. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Uh, I think so.

Right about here. No. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Because, you might regret it later in life. This sounds pretty heavy.

The keys are in the trunk. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? McFly. Lorraine, are you up there? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Oh. I, I don't know. Marty, why are you so nervous? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Doc. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. I just wanna use the phone.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Now Biff, don't con me. Oh, yeah, yeah. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. The storm. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. The hell you doing to my car? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I've gotta go. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Look, you gotta listen to me.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. No. Marty, will we ever see you again? Aw yeah, everything is great.

Just finishing up the second coat now. I guarantee it. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Ahh. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Its good. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Ahh. Ahh. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. No.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. This sounds pretty heavy. Flux capacitor. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Just finishing up the second coat now. Hello. Whoa, whoa, okay. What a nightmare.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Precisely. I said the keys are in here.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. You know what I do in those situations? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Hey. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Let's go. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Ah, where're my pants? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. The storm. Working. Precisely. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? You do? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. I can't play. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Uh? Thanks. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Lorraine, are you up there?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Why do you keep following me around? Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Get your meat hooks off of me. Ah. Whoa.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Jesus, you smoke too? Are those my clocks I hear? Nothing's coming to my mind. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

The keys are in the trunk. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. You got a permit for that?

Biff. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. What Lorraine, what? Right check, Doc. Oh.

Are you okay? George. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Who are you? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Who, who? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. What, what, ma?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Oh, what I meant to day was- No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Get your meat hooks off of me. You'll find out in thirty years.

Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Aw yeah, everything is great. It's a board with wheels. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. What? What did I just say? Right.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. George. George. You're George McFly. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Yeah, where does he live? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? That's for messing up my hair. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. No. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Let's go. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? This sounds pretty heavy.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Never mind that now, never mind that now. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, where does he live? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I have a feeling too. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Uh, well, I gotta go. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Jennifer. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Now Biff, don't con me. Never? What's with the life preserver? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? You have this thing hooked up to the car? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Never mind that now, never mind that now. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Doc. Now Biff, don't con me. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Did you hurt your head? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Who is that guy. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

The flux capacitor. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

What, what, ma? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Excuse me. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Uh, I think so.

Marty, are you alright? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. You're gonna be in the car with her. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Who are you? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Now Biff, don't con me. What? No, why, what's a matter?

We do now. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Marty, are you alright? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? What about George?

Unroll their fire. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Ah, where're my pants? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Back to the future.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Oh, yeah, yeah. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Oh yes sir. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. You're gonna be in the car with her. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, exactly. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. I have to tell you about the future. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Say that again. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Really. Doc. Yeah.

Who? Will you take care of that? Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You too. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. It's about the future, isn't it? Did you hurt your head? Huh? Never?

Jesus, you smoke too? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. He's alright. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Shit. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. I said the keys are in here. Hi, Marty.

Right about here. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Ronald Reagon. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Right. Will you take care of that? Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? this has gotta be a dream. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. That's George McFly. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Are you sure about this storm? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Marty, is that you? Excuse me. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

Yeah, he's right here. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Say that again. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Don't say a word.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Flux capacitor. Children. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Good morning, Mom. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. this has gotta be a dream. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Uh, look me up when you get there. Ah, where're my pants?

I said the keys are in here. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I haven't I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I don't wanna see you in here again. It's my dad. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

What? Okay. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

Ah, where're my pants? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Uh? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Yoo. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Excuse me. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Shit. Why not? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

That's George McFly? That's good advice, Marty. Don't tell me anything. Thanks a lot, kid. Precisely.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Aw yeah, everything is great. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Ahh. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Look, you gotta listen to me. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? No. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Marty you gotta come back with me. Uh, well, I gotta go. Where?

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Don't tell me anything. Who, who? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

What Lorraine, what? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Keys?

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Right check, Doc. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

I just wanna use the phone. Go. Go. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Precisely.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Thank you. In about thirty years. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Oh. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Lorraine, are you up there? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. The keys are in the trunk. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Yeah. Yeah. Marty, such a nice name. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I think we need a rematch. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. God dammit, I'm late.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. I hope so. Okay Doc, this is it. Because, you might regret it later in life. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Thanks. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Save the clock tower. Doc, is that a de-

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. He's a very strange young man. Well, I figured, what the hell. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

That's him. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. No, why, what's a matter? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Scram, McFly. That's George McFly? I said the keys are in here. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Doc. Good morning, Mom. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. What the hell is this? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Are you sure about this storm? Are you gonna order something, kid? No. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Wait a minute.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Do you mind if we park for a while? Who is that guy. The keys are in the trunk.

Where? Oh. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Where the hell are they. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Right, I got it.

What? What was it, George, bird watching? I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Doc. Yeah, who are you?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Damn. I'm late for school. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? McFly.

Let's go. Let's get him. I haven't Doc. Yeah.

Do you mind if we park for a while? What's going on? Where have you been all week? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Yeah, who are you?

Listen, Doc. George, help me, please. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Save the clock tower.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Doc. What, I don't get what happened. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. What, what is it hot? What? Oh, what I meant to day was-

Its good. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Stop it.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. We do now. Shit. Yeah.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Okay. Who are you? I'll get it back to you, alright? Good morning, Mom.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Why not? C'mon, c'mon let's go. Thanks.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. What? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- The future, it's where you're going? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Are you sure about this storm? The future, it's where you're going? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

Who? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Marty you gotta come back with me. Stop it. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I have to tell you about the future. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Lorraine, are you up there? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Biff. Who is that guy. George.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Huh? The hell you doing to my car?

Yeah, it's 8:00. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? George. What, what is it hot?

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? No, bastards. I will. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? I can't play. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Save the clock tower.

That's right. She's just trying to keep you respectable. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty. Marty. Marty.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Huh? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Ah, honey, your first novel. Hi. Right, I got it.

Marty you gotta come back with me. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Let's go.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Now Biff, don't con me. No. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Uh, coast guard. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. That's George McFly. Hey.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Precisely. Did you hurt your head? Looks like a airplane, without wings. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Working. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Alright, I'm ready. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? That's a big bruise you have there. Huh? Alright, I'm ready.

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Where does he come from? Wrecked? When did this happen and- You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Holy shit. Get your meat hooks off of me. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

I will. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Is she pretty? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Mom, is that you?

He's your brother, Mom. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Get your meat hooks off of me. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind.

this has gotta be a dream. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I guarantee it. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. What? Look, you gotta listen to me. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Oh. Go. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

What the hell is this? Right check, Doc. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. What you got under here? You too.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Holy shit. Nothing. Do you mind if we park for a while? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

I hope so. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Don't tell me anything. Yoo. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. I have to tell you about the future. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Scram, McFly. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Uh, yeah. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Breakfast. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Oh, yeah, yeah. He's an absolute dream.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. It's about the future, isn't it? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. The future, it's where you're going? Right about here. Hey. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Oh. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Alright, punk, now- Ronald Reagon. I think I know exactly what you mean. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

No, not yet. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Listen, Doc. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Leave her alone, you bastard. Who is that guy. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. George. Marty, are you alright? What about George?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I have to tell you about the future. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Yeah, he's right here. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

You do? Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Doc. Marty, you made it.

Oh. Now Biff, don't con me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Doc. Ronald Reagon.

Uh, coast guard. George: you ever think of running for class president? Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. That's George McFly?

Stop it. Alright, punk, now- Mom, Dad. Where? I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

We never would have fallen in love. Ahh. George. Perfect, just perfect. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Well, Biff. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Uh, coast guard. Biff.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Actually, people call me Marty. Marty, why are you so nervous? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? I'm gonna be at the dance. What's with the life preserver? Jesus, you smoke too?

Yeah, well history is gonna change. You know what I do in those situations? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Go.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. I have to tell you about the future. Ahh. Just finishing up the second coat now. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? This is for all you lovers out there. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Hello, Jennifer. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

George. Why do you keep following me around? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Biff. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Calvin. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Right. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Stop it. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Science Fiction Theater. Ah. C'mon, c'mon let's go. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

No, Doc. McFly. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Thank you. In about thirty years. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Okay. Let's go. This sounds pretty heavy. What, well you mean like a date?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Nothing. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Its good.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Right, I got it. Really. What? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. What a nightmare.

What? Right, and where am I gonna be? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hello. Well, I guess that's everything.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Ah, honey, your first novel. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. George. George.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Its good. No. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Yeah okay.

Ahh. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. The keys are in the trunk.

Uh, I think so. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Yet. Ah. Whoa.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Oh. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Right about here. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Shit.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Ah, honey, your first novel. Oh yes sir. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Uh, look me up when you get there. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Where were we. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

The flux capacitor. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah okay. The future, it's where you're going? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I don't wanna see you in here again. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Marty, is that you? George. George. It's about the future, isn't it? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. This sounds pretty heavy. God dammit, I'm late. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Why not? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. You're gonna be in the car with her. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Right. Thanks a lot, kid. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Excuse me.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. You have this thing hooked up to the car? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. You got a permit for that? What a nightmare.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Ahh. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Who, who? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Get your meat hooks off of me.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. This sounds pretty heavy. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Marty, such a nice name.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Will you take care of that? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Well, I guess that's everything.

I'll call you tonight. Right. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What?

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Don't tell me anything.

What Lorraine, what? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Who's are these? Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Nothing's coming to my mind. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Hello. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah, where does he live? Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

Okay Doc, this is it. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Wrecked?

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. What did you say?

He's your brother, Mom. Doc. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Breakfast. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Mom, Dad.

C'mon. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. The hell you doing to my car? Actually, people call me Marty. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Doc? I said the keys are in here. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Yeah. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. This is for all you lovers out there. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. I guarantee it. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Yeah, where does he live? Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. What's that thing he's on? Why is she gonna get angry with you? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Nothing's coming to my mind. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Right about here. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

What? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Right. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Sit here, Marty. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Stop it. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. That's right. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Biff.

Ohh, no. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- The flux capacitor. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. I think I know exactly what you mean. Take care. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Watch it, Goldie.

Oh yes sir. Biff. Your, your right. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? What about George?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Go. Go. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Right. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. And where's my reports? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Yeah.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Do you mind if we park for a while? Oh yes sir. Ohh, no. You okay, is everything alright? Alright, we're the pinheads.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Thanks. Good morning, Mom.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Yoo.

Right check, Doc. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Doc? Yeah, it's in the back. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Ahh. Hi. Marty, you made it. You know what I do in those situations?

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Doc? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Where?

Yeah. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Where's Einstein, is he with you? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Yeah. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? And he could sleep in my room. Keys? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Yeah, sure, okay.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Are you gonna order something, kid? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Right, I got it.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Well, I guess that's everything. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I've gotta go.

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Yeah, it's 8:00. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Well, she's not doing a very good job. What, what? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till-

Doc? What, what, ma? Jennifer. You got a permit for that? Yeah, it's 8:00.

Who is that guy. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Excuse me.

Marty, that was very interesting music. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Watch it, Goldie. Right about here. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

What did you say? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Holy shit. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Whoa, whoa, okay.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. I have to tell you about the future. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. About 30 years, it's a nice round number.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Right. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Uh, I think so. Uh, I think so. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I just wanna use the phone. No.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Is she pretty?

Right. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Save the clock tower. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

I have to tell you about the future. He's a very strange young man. The hell you doing to my car? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Excuse me.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. What? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Which one's your pop?

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... He's alright. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What did I just say? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Uh, yeah. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. I can't play.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Marty. Marty. Marty. Flux capacitor. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Well, I guess that's everything. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. What, what? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Who? Yet. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Who are you? George. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. What? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Save the clock tower. Are you sure about this storm? Precisely. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

George. George. Right about here. Ahh. Ahh. That's good advice, Marty. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. What? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Hi. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

No, Doc. That's good advice, Marty. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I'm gonna be at the dance. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Where the hell are they. I have to tell you about the future.

And where's my reports? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Oh. I'm gonna be at the dance. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Science Fiction Theater. Alright, punk, now- Right, gimme a Pepsi free. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I haven't Stop it. Keys? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? C'mon. Okay. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Doc.

Right. Flux capacitor. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Whoa, wait, Doc. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Perfect, just perfect. No. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? No, Doc.

Jesus, you smoke too? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Jesus, you smoke too? You do?

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Shit. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. That's a big bruise you have there.

Its good. I followed you. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Now Biff, don't con me. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Working. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. What a nightmare. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Breakfast. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Science Fiction Theater.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Yet. Crazy drunk drivers. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? You're George McFly. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Who's are these? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

I just wanna use the phone. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You too.

We all make mistakes in life, children Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Ahh.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I think we need a rematch. The future, it's where you're going?

Yeah, he's right here. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Doc, you gotta help- Hello, Jennifer. What was it, George, bird watching?

No, bastards. What Lorraine, what? Right. Leave me alone. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Where were we. Why not? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I can't play. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I think we need a rematch. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Huh?

What Lorraine, what? George: you ever think of running for class president? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Stop it.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Precisely. Hi, Marty.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Damn. I'm late for school.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Damn. I'm late for school.

Thank you. In about thirty years. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Right. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Crazy drunk drivers.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Well, I guess that's everything. Ahh. Ahh.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Science Fiction Theater. Uh, well, I gotta go. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. That's George McFly? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Are you okay? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Take care. Back to the future. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. The hell you doing to my car? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

And where's my reports? You okay, is everything alright? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. I'll get it back to you, alright? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Let's go. Okay. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Yet. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Oh.

Right. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What the hell is this? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

Hi. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Stop it. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Don't say a word. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. George. George.

Yeah, he's right here. Marty, are you alright? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? What you got under here?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Lorraine, are you up there? Yeah, where does he live? George: you ever think of running for class president?

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Lorraine, are you up there?

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Hello. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. It's about the future, isn't it? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Stop it. What?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Working. What was it, George, bird watching? Well, they're bigger than me. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Right. Yeah. Back to the future. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Ahh.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Hey. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Who are you?

Whoa, whoa, okay. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Whoa, whoa, okay. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Ah. Whoa. The flux capacitor. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Wow, you must be rich. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. How about a ride, Mister?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Precisely. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Are you sure about this storm? Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- It's a board with wheels. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

What did I just say? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Unroll their fire. Who? Yeah.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. George, help me, please. Never? How about a ride, Mister? Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Keys? Lorraine, are you up there? Jennifer. That's for messing up my hair.

Huh? Ah. Whoa. We all make mistakes in life, children Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Okay.

Yeah, exactly. Lorraine, are you up there? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? The storm. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

The storm. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. What, what is it hot? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

Thanks a lot, kid. Marty, you made it. Oh. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Why do you keep following me around?

Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Holy shit. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Next, please. Well gee, I don't know. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Ohh, no.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Lorraine, are you up there? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? What? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

You too. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Precisely.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Actually, people call me Marty. Say that again. That ain't no airplane, look. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future.

Yeah. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. And he could sleep in my room. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Why not?

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. That's for messing up my hair.

Now Biff, don't con me. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Hello. Sit here, Marty. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Back to the future. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I have to tell you about the future. You'll find out. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Ah. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Ah, honey, your first novel. Huh? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Doc, you gotta help- Marty, are you alright? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. I, I don't know.

Right. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Right, I got it.

What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Right. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Are you sure about this storm?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Jennifer. Will you take care of that? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Ahh. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

I have a feeling too. Yeah, well history is gonna change. The keys are in the trunk. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Yeah. Huh? Ahh. C'mon, c'mon let's go. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Ah. Whoa.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Wow, you must be rich. And he could sleep in my room. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Whoa, wait, Doc. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Where's Einstein, is he with you? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

What was it, George, bird watching? Ronald Reagon. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. George, help me, please. That's for messing up my hair.

Yeah. He's a peeping tom. Dad. What's the meaning of this. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What?

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Yeah. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? That's George McFly? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. That's right. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

You okay, is everything alright? Hello. Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Thanks a lot, kid. That's him. You'll find out. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Wrecked? When did this happen and- No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Where? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Precisely. Huh? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

I think we need a rematch. Well, I figured, what the hell. Who is that guy. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. You'll find out in thirty years. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Right about here. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Marty, is that you? That's right.

this has gotta be a dream. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Look, you gotta listen to me.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. That's right. Stop it. Whoa, whoa, okay. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

What, what, ma? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Hey boy, are you alright? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Who, who? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. McFly. Well uh, good, fine. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Doc. Get your meat hooks off of me. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Right check, Doc. What? You too. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Lorraine, are you up there? The storm. Jesus, you smoke too?

Science Fiction Theater. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. I just wanna use the phone. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Thanks a lot, kid. Thanks. We all make mistakes in life, children

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Jesus, you smoke too? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Marty, that was very interesting music.

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Whoa, whoa, okay. Yeah, it's in the back. Oh. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Who are you? I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Nothing. Unroll their fire. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

And he could sleep in my room. Oh. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Yeah, it's in the back. Right. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Ahh. Ahh. Shit. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Uh, well, I gotta go.

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. We do now. We never would have fallen in love. this has gotta be a dream. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Now Biff, don't con me.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Right, I got it. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. I'll call you tonight. Well, this is a radiation suit. Yeah. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Ahh. Hello. Let's put him in there.

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. What? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Stop it. Marty you gotta come back with me. Ahh.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. What you got under here? The future, it's where you're going? Hey. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. This is for all you lovers out there. What did I just say?

Right about here. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? I have a feeling too. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. What?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Jesus.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Shit. Aw yeah, everything is great. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? I can't play. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. That's George McFly?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I hope so. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Look, you gotta listen to me. C'mon. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. What Lorraine, what? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun.

I, I don't know. What you got under here? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Go. How about a ride, Mister?

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Marty. Marty. Marty. He's alright.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Alright, we're the pinheads. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Are those my clocks I hear? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

The flux capacitor. And he could sleep in my room. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Next, please.

Lorraine, are you up there? Right. George, help me, please. Alright, punk, now- Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Wait a minute. Scram, McFly. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Uh, I think so. Uh, well, I gotta go. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? No, bastards. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I'm gonna be at the dance. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Right about here. Marty, you made it. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Stop it.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. You bet. George: you ever think of running for class president? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Huh? Go. Go. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Uh, I think so. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. This sounds pretty heavy. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Wrecked? Marty, such a nice name.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yeah, he's right here. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. No, why, what's a matter? Excuse me. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. What did I just say?

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I hope so. We never would have fallen in love.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What about George? What? About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Aw yeah, everything is great.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. What? Who is that guy. Ahh.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. I have a feeling too. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Doc.

No. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Marty, that was very interesting music. Who, who?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Say that again. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? You're gonna be in the car with her. We all make mistakes in life, children Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay?

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Ohh, no. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? The hell you doing to my car? Good morning. I followed you. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

What, what, ma? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Really. We all make mistakes in life, children Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Without any sugar. C'mon, c'mon let's go. You bet. Who? Perfect, just perfect.

That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Thanks a lot, kid. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Jesus, you smoke too? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. What about George? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Who's are these? Precisely. He's a peeping tom. Dad. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? And where's my reports? The future, it's where you're going? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Marty, will we ever see you again? Perfect, just perfect. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Quiet. Shit. Marty, such a nice name. Good morning. Scram, McFly.

Ah, honey, your first novel. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. The future, it's where you're going? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

And he could sleep in my room. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. The future, it's where you're going?

Now Biff, don't con me. I will. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Marty, such a nice name. Yeah, he's right here.

Crazy drunk drivers. C'mon. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Marty, such a nice name.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Right. Right. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Marty, you made it. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Did you hurt your head? How about a ride, Mister? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Marty, such a nice name. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Oh. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Hey boy, are you alright? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Well gee, I don't know. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Leave her alone, you bastard. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Oh.

He's a very strange young man. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I have a feeling too. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Unroll their fire.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Wait a minute. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Lorraine.

McFly. Right. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I followed you. Watch it, Goldie.

Don't say a word. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Huh? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- What's a rerun? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Ahh. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Damn. I'm late for school. Get your meat hooks off of me. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. This is for all you lovers out there.

Take care. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Oh.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Well, I guess that's everything.

Quiet. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Maybe you were adopted. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Alright, punk, now-

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Who is that guy. That ain't no airplane, look. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Go. Go. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Working. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Don't tell me anything. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

What? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Right.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Ahh. Ahh. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. George. McFly. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. I have to tell you about the future.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? The flux capacitor.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Oh, what I meant to day was- You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. I haven't

Oh, what I meant to day was- Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? What did I just say? Wow, you must be rich.

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. We all make mistakes in life, children Why do you keep following me around? Where the hell are they. George: you ever think of running for class president?

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. You got a permit for that? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

Get your meat hooks off of me. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc What?

Oh, yeah, yeah. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Yeah, where does he live? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. It's a board with wheels. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Leave her alone, you bastard.

I have to tell you about the future. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Jesus, you smoke too? Doc.

Good morning, Mom. George, help me, please. Ahh. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. I will. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

Sit here, Marty. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Look, you gotta listen to me. C'mon. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

God dammit, I'm late. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Marty, such a nice name. this has gotta be a dream.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I just wanna use the phone. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Okay Doc, this is it. Yeah, who are you? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Excuse me. Holy shit. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Doc. Damn. I'm late for school. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Yeah. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What's with the life preserver? I hope so. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Who are you? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Right. What's that thing he's on? What you got under here?

Well, I guess that's everything. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Never? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? God dammit, I'm late.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

No. What the hell is this? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Quiet. Well, they're bigger than me. I'm gonna ram him. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. What did I just say?

Ah. What, I don't get what happened. Oh. Uh, well, I gotta go. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Right. Um, well it's a delorean, right? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. That's right.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Oh. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. C'mon. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Go. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Well uh, good, fine. What? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Thank you. In about thirty years. I haven't Get your meat hooks off of me.

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Marty you gotta come back with me. I'll call you tonight. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Doc? No.

That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. I can't play. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. What? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Thank you. In about thirty years.

That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Ronald Reagon. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Marty, you made it. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Marty you gotta come back with me. Okay.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. No, not yet. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Ah.

Oh. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Whoa, whoa, okay. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

No, Doc. I have to tell you about the future. Nothing's coming to my mind. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. He's an absolute dream.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Breakfast. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Uh, Doc. You too.

Did you hurt your head? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Right. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Do you mind if we park for a while? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Damn. I'm late for school. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hello. Yet. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Ohh, no. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Oh, yeah, yeah. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. He's your brother, Mom.

What's the meaning of this. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

Listen, Doc. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I haven't Actually, people call me Marty. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I just wanna use the phone. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Oh. Are you okay? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Stop it. Next, please. What? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Nothing's coming to my mind. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Actually, people call me Marty. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Wait a minute. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Ah, where're my pants? Yeah. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Uh, well, I gotta go.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? I have to tell you about the future. Say that again. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. No. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Ah well, sort of.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you?

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Right, I got it. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Yeah, sure, okay. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Doc. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. What's a rerun? Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Marty you gotta come back with me. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Oh. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. That ain't no airplane, look. The hell you doing to my car?

Stop it. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Without any sugar. I, I don't know. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Stop it. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Right. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Doc, wait. No, bastards. I don't wanna see you in here again. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Where does he come from? Ah. Whoa. C'mon.

Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Huh? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Ahh. Well, they're bigger than me. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Right.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah, sure, okay. Alright, punk, now- George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. The flux capacitor. What? Just finishing up the second coat now. Good morning.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Jesus. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Okay Doc, this is it.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Huh? Sit here, Marty. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Ah well, sort of.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. What a nightmare. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Uh, yeah. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Right. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Uh, I think so. Doc, is that a de- Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

I think we need a rematch. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I'll call you tonight.

We do now. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Ah. Whoa. Yeah.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. How's your head? Say that again. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Marty, why are you so nervous? Oh. Ah well, sort of. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Doc, you gotta help- You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Ah. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Take care. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Yeah, it's in the back.

Damn. I'm late for school. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. What? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

It's about the future, isn't it? No, Doc. What's that thing he's on? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. This is for all you lovers out there.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Yeah. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Alright, we're the pinheads. Doc, you gotta help- How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

We all make mistakes in life, children Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Take care.

Mom, is that you? No. Hello. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Doc. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Oh yes sir. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Hey. Watch it, Goldie. Huh? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Listen, Doc. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Yeah, exactly. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

What did I just say? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yeah, sure, okay.

Really. Let's get him. Stop it. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Okay.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Yeah. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? What? What, well you mean like a date? It's about the future, isn't it?

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. That ain't no airplane, look. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Marty, that was very interesting music. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Right, I got it. Who, who? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Jesus. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Never? That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Ah, honey, your first novel. I can't play. That's a big bruise you have there. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That's right.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. What, well you mean like a date? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

We do now. Quiet. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Who's are these? Doc, you gotta help-

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Who do you think, the Libyans. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Uh, well, I gotta go. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

I said the keys are in here. I've gotta go. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Yeah, sure, okay. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George?

Sit here, Marty. What about George? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. You okay, is everything alright? Well, this is a radiation suit.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. It's a board with wheels. What? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Uh, yeah. We do now. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yeah, gimme a Tab. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Why not?

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. We all make mistakes in life, children

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Weight has nothing to do with it. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Perfect, just perfect. Good morning. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Why not? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

The hell you doing to my car? No. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. The future, it's where you're going? Well gee, I don't know.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Ahh. Who? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. I followed you.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Where were we. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Well, they're bigger than me. We do now. Shit. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Children. Keys? No. Thanks, thanks a lot. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Wait a minute. George. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah. Okay.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Marty, are you alright?

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Ah, honey, your first novel. Right.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Maybe you were adopted. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Good morning, Mom.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. McFly. C'mon. Mom, Dad.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Without any sugar.

Uh, I think so. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Lorenzo, where're you keys? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. It's a board with wheels.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Nothing. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Ahh.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Crazy drunk drivers. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

What's that thing he's on? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Marty, that was very interesting music.

What? Listen, Doc. Stop it. I will. Because, you might regret it later in life.

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Yeah. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Aw yeah, everything is great.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Uh, yeah.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Yeah. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. No, Doc.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? What? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Marty you gotta come back with me.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Okay. Yeah. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Quiet.

this has gotta be a dream. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Uh, Doc. Breakfast. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? What? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Well, I guess that's everything. George. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. What? Well uh, good, fine.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Watch it, Goldie. Why do you keep following me around? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Yeah, it's 8:00. Where were we. Okay. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Yeah, sure, okay. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. It's a board with wheels.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. We never would have fallen in love. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- I have to tell you about the future.

Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Children. Without any sugar. Biff. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Oh, what I meant to day was- Science Fiction Theater. Ah. Whoa. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Good morning. Yeah, it's in the back. Just finishing up the second coat now. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Nothing. I'll get it back to you, alright? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Who's are these? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Leave me alone. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Weight has nothing to do with it. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Huh? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. McFly. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Jennifer.

Where? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Excuse me. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Who's are these? Uh, yeah. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Oh. I'll get it back to you, alright? Ohh, no. Ah. Hey boy, are you alright?

I, I don't know. No, why, what's a matter? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Who are you? Stop it. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Marty. Marty. Marty. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. I just wanna use the phone. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Children.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Why not? Just finishing up the second coat now. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

What, I don't get what happened. Why not? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. I, I don't know. That's George McFly.

Hello. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Just finishing up the second coat now. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. He's your brother, Mom. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Doc, you gotta help- It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Are those my clocks I hear? Thanks, thanks a lot. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Huh? Right. Oh. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

Without any sugar. Yeah, exactly. That's him. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Doc. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? The future, it's where you're going? What was it, George, bird watching? No, not yet.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Ah. Whoa. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Good morning. What about George? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Let's get him. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Precisely. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

What's a rerun? Marty, is that you? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. What did I just say? Who?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Huh? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Breakfast.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Oh. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. That's right.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Doc.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Erased from existence. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. That's George McFly. No. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Thanks, thanks a lot.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Biff. Yeah. What's that thing he's on? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Right. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Why do you keep following me around?

Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Never? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Ah. Whoa.

Alright, I'm ready. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. We do now. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. George, help me, please. Uh, look me up when you get there. Oh. Yeah, who are you?

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Children.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Marty you gotta come back with me. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Biff.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Who? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. What? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Listen, Doc. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? You're gonna be in the car with her.

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. We do now. Right. Damn. I'm late for school. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

I guarantee it. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

George: you ever think of running for class president? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Oh, just a little weather experiment. What the hell is this? Right.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Science Fiction Theater. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. What? What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Oh, what I meant to day was- Marty, that was very interesting music. Ahh. Perfect, just perfect. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Ah. Whoa. Good morning. Did you hurt your head?

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. I can't play. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Huh? Yeah, it's 8:00. Marty, why are you so nervous? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

What, what is it hot? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Back to the future. Doc, is that a de- Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo You'll find out in thirty years. What, what is it hot? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. He's alright. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Right. this has gotta be a dream.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? He's an absolute dream. That ain't no airplane, look. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Right.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Perfect, just perfect. Never mind that now, never mind that now. George. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

What about George? Doc. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Ah. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Excuse me. Yeah. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I followed you. Right check, Doc. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. You know what I do in those situations? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Let's get him. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I can't play. I haven't You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Don't tell me anything. What about George? Hello. C'mon, c'mon. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

C'mon. Are you okay? Marty, are you alright? I haven't Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

Jesus. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. That's good advice, Marty. Okay.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Thanks a lot, kid. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? No. Erased from existence. I hope so. The keys are in the trunk.

Ahh. Are you okay? Oh. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Flux capacitor.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Why not? Are you okay? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Okay. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Okay. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

That's him. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. No, why, what's a matter? I'll get it back to you, alright?

Maybe you were adopted. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Whoa, this is heavy. Breakfast. George. George.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I'll call you tonight. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

I'm gonna ram him. Oh. He's your brother, Mom. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Lorraine, are you up there?

What did I just say? Stop it. I guarantee it. Ronald Reagon. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Doc. Just finishing up the second coat now. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. What did I just say? Well, this is a radiation suit.

Hello, Jennifer. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. What, what is it hot?

Nothing. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Uh, Doc. Oh, just a little weather experiment. What's a rerun?

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I'm gonna be at the dance.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Leave her alone, you bastard. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Thanks.

George. George. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Yet. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Excuse me. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Huh? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

That's George McFly? Save the clock tower. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo That ain't no airplane, look. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Right, I got it. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Thank you. In about thirty years. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Well, they're bigger than me. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

And he could sleep in my room. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. C'mon. Ahh.

Unroll their fire. Nothing. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. I think we need a rematch.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Well, I figured, what the hell. What did you say? Jennifer. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Weight has nothing to do with it. No, not yet. Marty, that was very interesting music. Marty, you made it.

C'mon. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. What the hell is a gigawatt? Sit here, Marty. I will.

Are you sure about this storm? Where the hell are they. Yeah. Excuse me. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Uh, well, I gotta go.

What's the meaning of this. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. And where's my reports? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. What the hell is this? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Well, they're bigger than me. Yeah, he's right here.

I hope so. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Ahh. Ahh. Hello. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Are you sure about this storm? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Hi. Oh yes sir. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Doc.

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Don't say a word. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. It's my dad.

I hope so. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

What did I just say? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Jesus.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Lorraine, are you up there? Nothing's coming to my mind. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

He's an absolute dream. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Jesus, you smoke too?

Yeah, exactly. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Precisely. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? It's my dad.

Because, you might regret it later in life. Alright, I'm ready. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Next, please. Say that again. Let's put him in there. C'mon, c'mon.

And he could sleep in my room. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. George. No, Doc.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Huh? I guarantee it. Biff.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Doc, wait. No, bastards. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Sit here, Marty. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off?

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Where were we. Well, Biff. That's George McFly.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Uh, coast guard. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet.

Okay. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Well, Biff.

Hey. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Okay, but I don't know what to say. And he could sleep in my room. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Well, I guess that's everything. Where the hell are they. I think I know exactly what you mean. Biff.

So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. I guarantee it. Right, and where am I gonna be? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Thanks. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

What's with the life preserver? Marty, are you alright? About how far ahead are you going? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Ah. Whoa. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

That's good advice, Marty. This is for all you lovers out there. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Hi, Marty. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? C'mon, c'mon. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? The future, it's where you're going?

What? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Marty, are you alright? Right. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Are you sure about this storm? Yeah, where does he live? Jesus, you smoke too? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What, what?

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. The future, it's where you're going? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Science Fiction Theater.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yoo. Mom, is that you? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Why not? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Breakfast.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Marty, you made it. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Marty, that was very interesting music.

You okay, is everything alright? Right about here. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Its good. C'mon, c'mon let's go.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Never mind that now, never mind that now. You bet. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Doc, you gotta help-

C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I hope so. What you got under here? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo What? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. No, I refuse to except the responsibility.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. What? Right. Your, your right. Yeah.

Unroll their fire. Its good. Why not? Yeah, exactly. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Ahh. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

I've gotta go. What, what is it hot? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. George: you ever think of running for class president? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you.

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. And he could sleep in my room. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works.

Okay. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Its good. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Doc. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

He's an absolute dream. Whoa, this is heavy. Hi, Marty. Get your meat hooks off of me. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Well, they're bigger than me. Mom, Dad. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out?

Stop it. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. You'll find out in thirty years.

Excuse me. Ahh. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. That's George McFly? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. What's a rerun? Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Hey. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Lorraine, are you up there? Unroll their fire.

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Did you hurt your head? Excuse me. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Thanks a lot, kid. This sounds pretty heavy. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Okay Doc, this is it. Oh.

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. You're George McFly. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody.

Yeah, he's right here. Go. Go. Did you hurt your head? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Uh, coast guard.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. I've gotta go. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Yeah. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Doc, is that a de- Oh. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Good morning.

What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. What about George? I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Marty, that was very interesting music. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Okay Doc, this is it. Alright, we're the pinheads. C'mon. I haven't Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Excuse me. Yeah. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I'll get it back to you, alright? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I have to tell you about the future. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. You're gonna be in the car with her. You don't understand.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I'll call you tonight. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Yeah okay.

Breakfast. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? What's the meaning of this. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Mom, Dad.

I just wanna use the phone. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Breakfast. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Doc, is that a de- Yeah. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. How's your head?

No. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. No, why, what's a matter? And he could sleep in my room.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Let's go. Hello. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Oh. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. What's a rerun? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Leave her alone, you bastard.

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. What the hell is a gigawatt? Whoa, this is heavy. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

This sounds pretty heavy. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Ah, where're my pants? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Who are you?

Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Watch it, Goldie. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Go. Your, your right.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Why not?

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Just finishing up the second coat now. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Let's go. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. It's my dad. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Doc? Where were we. Hi, Marty. Doc. Doc.

I'll get it back to you, alright? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985.

Hello. Erased from existence. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Working. Yeah, where does he live? I have to tell you about the future. Erased from existence. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

That's right, he's gonna be mayor. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Well, they're bigger than me. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. No, bastards. Precisely. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Yeah. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Lorraine, are you up there? No, Biff, you leave her alone. What, what is it hot? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. I think we need a rematch. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Nothing's coming to my mind. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. McFly.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Ronald Reagon. He's a very strange young man. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Children. Doc, you gotta help- Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Right. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Let's put him in there. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Breakfast. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I followed you.

Excuse me. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Let's go. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Are those my clocks I hear? Uh, Doc. I said the keys are in here. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Thanks a lot, kid. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

Let's put him in there. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. What? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

What, well you mean like a date? Where were we. Marty. Marty. Marty. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What, what?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Let's get him. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Why is she gonna get angry with you?

George: you ever think of running for class president? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. What, well you mean like a date? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. You too. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Well, Biff. Don't say a word. Doc, you gotta help- Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Okay.

Mom, Dad. Yeah. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Yeah.

Damn. I'm late for school. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

How about a ride, Mister? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Yeah okay. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- That's him. Let's go.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Calvin. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

How about a ride, Mister? I think we need a rematch. Precisely. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

What the hell is this? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Next, please. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Really. Maybe you were adopted. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What, what, ma? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Well, Biff. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. The future, it's where you're going? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Keys?

It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. You'll find out. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Doc? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Are you okay? Uh, I think so. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Where were we. Where the hell are they. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Yeah okay.

Well, I figured, what the hell. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Hi. Unroll their fire. Ahh. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Nothing's coming to my mind.

Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. What you got under here? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

You'll find out in thirty years. Right, I got it. Working. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ahh. We never would have fallen in love. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Uh, Doc. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Oh. Thank you. In about thirty years. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Huh?

Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? No, why, what's a matter? Back to the future.

Stop it. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Thank you. In about thirty years.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Who are you?

Ah. Whoa. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Maybe you were adopted. Take care. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Ahh. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Thanks, thanks a lot. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Stop it. Stop it.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. What, what is it hot? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Marty. Marty. Marty. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

McFly. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? What a nightmare.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. We never would have fallen in love. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Okay Doc, this is it. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. I haven't C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

He's alright. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. That's him. He's your brother, Mom.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Shit.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Yeah, where does he live? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Marty. Marty. Marty. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Yeah.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Stop it. You'll find out in thirty years. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas.

Doc. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Erased from existence. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. It's a board with wheels. Don't say a word. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Calvin.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Lorraine, are you up there? Stop it. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?

I'll call you tonight. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Precisely.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Don't say a word. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I just wanna use the phone. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. I just wanna use the phone. Oh.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? You're George McFly. What's a rerun? Yeah, it's in the back.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Stop it. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

Hello. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hi, Marty. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? No. Science Fiction Theater. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Are you okay?

About how far ahead are you going? Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Stop it. Breakfast. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Yeah.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Well, I guess that's everything. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yoo. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. I think I know exactly what you mean.

What was it, George, bird watching? Thank you. In about thirty years. You'll find out in thirty years. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Right.

Why not? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Watch it, Goldie. Huh? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Uh, yeah. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Quiet. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

The storm. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Oh. Hi.

Right, I got it. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. The flux capacitor. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

He's an absolute dream. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Yeah. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. What? Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. George, help me, please. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Yoo.

Biff. That ain't no airplane, look. Yoo. It's a board with wheels. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Marty, will we ever see you again? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Yeah.

Let's put him in there. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

That's George McFly. Well, Biff. I followed you. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Mom, Dad.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Well gee, I don't know. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. What's that thing he's on? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

What? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Marty, such a nice name. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Yeah, it's 8:00. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Watch it, Goldie. This is for all you lovers out there. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Right. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Marty, that was very interesting music. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I've gotta go. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Yeah. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? I'm gonna be at the dance. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Yeah. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. And where's my reports? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Good morning, Mom. Thanks, thanks a lot. No, not yet. Flux capacitor. Without any sugar.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Who's are these? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Shit. We never would have fallen in love.

Well, this is a radiation suit. Excuse me. Marty, is that you? I, I don't know. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Stop it. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Right, and where am I gonna be? Bet your ass it works. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah. Hi, Marty. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Yet. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. What's with the life preserver? Why is she gonna get angry with you?

Alright, punk, now- What, what is it hot? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. What?

Mom, is that you? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Ahh. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Whoa, wait, Doc.

You're George McFly. No. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Is she pretty? Oh.

Marty, are you alright? He's a peeping tom. Dad. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. You too. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Hi, Marty.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. How about a ride, Mister?

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Quiet. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Huh? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Damn. I'm late for school. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Uh? Who's are these? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? How about a ride, Mister? Are you okay?

Biff. What? I'll call you tonight. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? That's George McFly. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. He's an absolute dream. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. I haven't

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Get your meat hooks off of me. Okay. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Let's put him in there. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Well, this is a radiation suit. I hope so. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Huh?

George: you ever think of running for class president? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

Precisely. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Don't say a word. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. I said the keys are in here. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. How's your head?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- I, I don't know. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh yes sir. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Excuse me. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Who? Doc? That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I, I don't know. The storm.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Are those my clocks I hear? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Leave me alone.

Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Who are you? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong?

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Oh. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. What, what? No, Biff, you leave her alone. Right.

Who? I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Yeah, who are you? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

He's alright. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Biff. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I followed you. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Biff.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Without any sugar. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line.

Alright, punk, now- Yeah. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? What a nightmare. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Yeah, exactly. Ahh. Did you hurt your head? Where? Precisely.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Well gee, I don't know.

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Perfect, just perfect. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Alright, punk, now- I just wanna use the phone.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I followed you. Will you take care of that? What about George? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Thanks, thanks a lot. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Right. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Crazy drunk drivers. What, what?

Right. I hope so. Oh. You bet. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hello. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Without any sugar.

What, what is it hot? Doc. What about George? Science Fiction Theater. I haven't

Right. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. You bet. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

What? No, not yet. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Biff. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Well, I guess that's everything. Ah, honey, your first novel. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Next, please. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. You bet. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. It's about the future, isn't it? I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. I've gotta go. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Excuse me. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Uh, coast guard. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. And where's my reports? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. What did you say? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Ahh. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Look, you gotta listen to me. I think we need a rematch. Uh, coast guard. Yeah, it's in the back. Just finishing up the second coat now.

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. What was it, George, bird watching? This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

I just wanna use the phone. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Doc, she didn't even look at him. That's him. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. What the hell is this? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

No. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. What Lorraine, what? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Well, I figured, what the hell.

Uh, Doc. Jesus. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh.

We never would have fallen in love. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

What, what is it hot? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. About how far ahead are you going? Marty, why are you so nervous?

Thanks a lot, kid. About how far ahead are you going? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Did you hurt your head? Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Okay. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. What's that thing he's on? Jennifer. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? What's that thing he's on? Right. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

Now Biff, don't con me. That ain't no airplane, look. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I haven't Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Yeah, where does he live? Hi. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. I'm gonna ram him. What?

The storm. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. We do now. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Right. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Hello.

Stop it. Unroll their fire. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Hello.

Oh. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Uh, coast guard.

Yeah, he's right here. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Yeah. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Who's are these? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

That's good advice, Marty. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Who is that guy.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. George: you ever think of running for class president? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. What you got under here?

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

I'll call you tonight. Mom, Dad. Doc? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin.

The keys are in the trunk. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Wow, you must be rich. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Save the clock tower. Do you mind if we park for a while? He's alright. Uh, yeah. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her- Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

That's right. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? No.

Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Are you okay? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? God dammit, I'm late.

Uh, coast guard. Listen, Doc. Don't say a word. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. George, help me, please. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. What about George? Yeah, who are you?

Right about here. Hello. Marty, that was very interesting music. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown.

Who, who? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? You'll find out. God dammit, I'm late.

Shit. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Listen, Doc. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? I haven't My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Ahh. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? I'm gonna ram him. Breakfast. Doc.

I'm gonna ram him. Good morning, Mom. Ahh. The keys are in the trunk. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright?

Ohh, no. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. I followed you.

Are those my clocks I hear? Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Jennifer. Wrecked?

Well, she's not doing a very good job. I have to tell you about the future. Yeah, where does he live? Yeah, who are you? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. You got a permit for that? Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. This sounds pretty heavy. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Are you okay?

Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. No. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Where were we. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Right. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. George: you ever think of running for class president? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. I, I don't know. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

You know what I do in those situations? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Weight has nothing to do with it. I just wanna use the phone. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Unroll their fire. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Where? This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. You okay, is everything alright? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Ahh. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? He's your brother, Mom. Marty, will we ever see you again?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Uh, coast guard. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? this has gotta be a dream. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Who's are these? Aw yeah, everything is great. What did you say? Right, and where am I gonna be?

Marty, is that you? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Hello, Jennifer. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Never mind that now, never mind that now. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I, I don't know.

It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Leave her alone, you bastard. Say that again. What's that thing he's on?

Calvin. Never? Yeah. How's your head? No, bastards.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Why do you keep following me around? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Unroll their fire. Right about here. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Uh, yeah. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? You're gonna be in the car with her. Well, I guess that's everything. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Keys? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. He's a very strange young man.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Wrecked? When did this happen and- Which one's your pop? Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Stop it. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Good morning, Mom. I'll call you tonight. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Bet your ass it works.

Well, this is a radiation suit. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Whoa, this is heavy. Right. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

He's alright. You too. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Biff. What, what, ma?

Marty, why are you so nervous? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? I can't play. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? I'm gonna ram him. What was it, George, bird watching?

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Who is that guy. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Thank you. In about thirty years.

That's right. Without any sugar. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. It's about the future, isn't it? You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

How about a ride, Mister? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Say that again. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

What? Oh, yeah, yeah. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Take care. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some.

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I, I don't know. What, I don't get what happened. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Watch it, Goldie. Where does he come from? Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

It's my dad. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Stop it. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Yeah, exactly. I've gotta go. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? What's a rerun? Where the hell are they. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Marty, will we ever see you again?

Ah well, sort of. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. You too. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Stop it.

We never would have fallen in love. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Precisely. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Nothing's coming to my mind. Why not?

Scram, McFly. Calvin. What about George? Biff. Children.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Uh, I think so. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. No, not yet.

Oh yes sir. Do you mind if we park for a while? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. What's with the life preserver?

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. You do?

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Thanks a lot, kid. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Sit here, Marty.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Doc. I'll get it back to you, alright? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. The future, it's where you're going?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. That's George McFly? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. I guarantee it.

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. You're gonna be in the car with her. I will. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

Never? Breakfast. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Right, I got it. Damn. I'm late for school. Your, your right. Keys?

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? What? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Well, they're bigger than me. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I hope so. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Thanks, thanks a lot. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Are you okay? Uh, look me up when you get there.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Why not? Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. That's him. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What's that thing he's on?

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. What, well you mean like a date?

Shit. Huh? Yeah, it's in the back. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Yeah, I think maybe you do.

Hello. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Working. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. What? Yet. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. It's about the future, isn't it?

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. George. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date?

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Never mind that now, never mind that now. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Mom, Dad.

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Why is she gonna get angry with you? It's about the future, isn't it? What's a rerun?

Wait a minute. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Damn. I'm late for school. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Well, I guess that's everything. God dammit, I'm late. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Never? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? What did you say? Doc? That's George McFly?

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? You'll find out in thirty years. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks.

But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Look, you gotta listen to me. Okay. George. What did I just say?

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Huh? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Well, I figured, what the hell. Doc, is that a de- Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Did you hurt your head? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Yeah. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Which one's your pop?

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. What? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Huh? Yeah, who are you? I can't play. Uh, look me up when you get there.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Which one's your pop? George, help me, please. Maybe you were adopted. Damn. I'm late for school.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Doc. What?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. Without any sugar. What? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Watch it, Goldie. You'll find out. Doc. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Flux capacitor. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. What you got under here?

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Who's are these? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- That's for messing up my hair. Let's get him. Yeah. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Uh, look me up when you get there. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Uh, yeah.

You bet. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Hey boy, are you alright?

Where? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Children. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? George.

You don't understand. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. What the hell is a gigawatt?

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

It's a board with wheels. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Where the hell are they. Let's get him.

Whoa, this is heavy. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Perfect, just perfect. You got a permit for that? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? No, not yet. You too.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Ahh. Ahh. Hey. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Yeah, he's right here. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Back to the future.

Leave her alone, you bastard. The hell you doing to my car? Where were we. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Doc, you gotta help-

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Unroll their fire. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. What you got under here? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Yeah, he's right here. I'll call you tonight. Shit. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yeah, it's in the back.

His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Did you hurt your head? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Listen, Doc.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Right check, Doc. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I'm gonna be at the dance. Unroll their fire. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yet.

I, I don't know. About how far ahead are you going? Leave me alone. You'll find out. Unroll their fire.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Ronald Reagon. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Leave me alone. Ahh. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. You don't understand. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. I think we need a rematch. Lorraine. What? Ah, where're my pants?

Who is that guy. Yeah, it's 8:00. Hello. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Quiet.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. That's George McFly. Wow, you must be rich. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Don't say a word. I think I know exactly what you mean. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. That's George McFly? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. You bet.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. I just wanna use the phone. Right, I got it. Oh. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

What the hell is a gigawatt? Marty, such a nice name. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Crazy drunk drivers.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. I'll get it back to you, alright? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

Precisely. You're gonna be in the car with her. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

You do? Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Looks like a airplane, without wings. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. What was it, George, bird watching?

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Next, please. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Oh.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Its good. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Uh, coast guard. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Thank you. In about thirty years. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Uh, I think so. That ain't no airplane, look. What, what is it hot?

Uh, I think so. Holy shit. Holy shit. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. What, well you mean like a date?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Let's go. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Don't say a word.

Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Because, you might regret it later in life. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. George, help me, please. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh?

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Science Fiction Theater.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Mom, Dad. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. That's a big bruise you have there. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? What, what is it hot? What you got under here?

Hey. It's a board with wheels. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Excuse me. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? No, bastards. You'll find out. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. We all make mistakes in life, children

Yeah, where does he live? What? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Yeah, he's right here. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. You okay, is everything alright?

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Scram, McFly. Right, and where am I gonna be? No, bastards.

I'm gonna ram him. Yeah, where does he live? Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Why is she gonna get angry with you? What, what, ma?

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. He's a very strange young man. I said the keys are in here. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Take care. Huh? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Ah, honey, your first novel. What? Yeah, where does he live?

About how far ahead are you going? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Marty. Marty. Marty. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. C'mon.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. The storm. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Erased from existence. I think I know exactly what you mean. Marty, will we ever see you again? Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Yeah. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Who? This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Right, and where am I gonna be? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? What's with the life preserver? I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

No. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Good morning. The hell you doing to my car?

Huh? The flux capacitor. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Children. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Doc. Marty, are you alright? I'm gonna be at the dance. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day?

Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Are those my clocks I hear? Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Yeah, exactly. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. What, what is it hot? Yeah.

No, not yet. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Hi. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Hello. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Its good. Never? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

The future, it's where you're going? Right, I got it. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Don't say a word. What, what is it hot?

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Actually, people call me Marty. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Ah well, sort of. What's a rerun?

C'mon. Hello, Jennifer. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. I think I know exactly what you mean. C'mon, c'mon.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Biff. Shit. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Say that again. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Excuse me. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Whoa, whoa, okay.

Ohh, no. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Marty, why are you so nervous? It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Actually, people call me Marty.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Holy shit. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Thanks. Hello. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Take care.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Stop it. Which one's your pop? Whoa, wait, Doc. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Marty, why are you so nervous? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

What Lorraine, what? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. You don't understand. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety.

Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Thanks. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

This sounds pretty heavy. Where were we. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Science Fiction Theater. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. What's the meaning of this. Where? Uh, yeah.

Yeah, exactly. Don't tell me anything. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Crazy drunk drivers. C'mon.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. George. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Who, who?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Right. Right check, Doc. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

What, what, ma? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Perfect, just perfect. Perfect, just perfect. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Maybe you were adopted. Stop it. Uh, coast guard. Ah. Whoa.

You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Take care. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Because, you might regret it later in life. Right.

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

What's that thing he's on? Ah, where're my pants? No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Right, and where am I gonna be?

Thanks, thanks a lot. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Doc. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What's a rerun? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you?

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. I'm gonna be at the dance. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? You'll find out.

oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Doc.

Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Are you okay? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Scram, McFly.

Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Let's go. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Your, your right.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Huh? Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What, what? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Whoa, wait, Doc. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. That's for messing up my hair.

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Thanks. Go. Go. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Doc. George. George. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. C'mon, c'mon.

Marty, such a nice name. Doc. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Nothing. We never would have fallen in love. No. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. That's good advice, Marty.

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Yeah, sure, okay. I think we need a rematch. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

C'mon, c'mon. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

About how far ahead are you going? You're gonna be in the car with her. Ah. Whoa. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? What's with the life preserver? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. This is for all you lovers out there. He's an absolute dream.

What? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Aw yeah, everything is great. What, I don't get what happened.

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Precisely. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

It's a board with wheels. What, I don't get what happened. The storm. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

The future, it's where you're going? That's George McFly. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Quiet. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. You're George McFly. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Lorenzo, where're you keys? McFly. Alright, we're the pinheads. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Marty you gotta come back with me. Actually, people call me Marty. Marty you gotta come back with me. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Are you okay?

Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Aw yeah, everything is great. Yeah. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

What the hell is this? George: you ever think of running for class president? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, will we ever see you again? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

George. Never mind that now, never mind that now. He's a very strange young man. Lorraine, are you up there? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Doc. Uh, well, I gotta go. Who, who? Did you hurt your head?

C'mon, c'mon. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Thanks a lot, kid. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Working. Calvin. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Don't say a word. Ah, where're my pants? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? That's good advice, Marty. Hello.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Ah, where're my pants?

Alright, I'm ready. Without any sugar. C'mon. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Whoa, whoa, okay. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. George, help me, please. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. I have a feeling too. What's going on? Where have you been all week?

Let's get him. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

That's George McFly? I think we need a rematch. Yeah, it's in the back. Yoo. Good morning.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Right. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? I'll call you tonight.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Are those my clocks I hear? Thanks, thanks a lot. Right. Right about here.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

No, bastards. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. About how far ahead are you going? Right check, Doc. Oh, yeah, yeah.

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Wow, you must be rich. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. What did I just say? You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? This is for all you lovers out there. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. I have a feeling too. Is she pretty?

Are you sure about this storm? What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Lorenzo, where're you keys? He's alright. That's right, he's gonna be mayor.

It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Uh, look me up when you get there. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Yeah. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. C'mon, c'mon.

This is for all you lovers out there. Right. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Shit. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Right. I think we need a rematch.

How's your head? Without any sugar. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Well, this is a radiation suit. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I think we need a rematch.

Ah. Whoa. Mom, Dad. Yeah. Ah, honey, your first novel. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Nothing. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What, well you mean like a date? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?

Yeah, exactly. Leave me alone. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. What's the meaning of this. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Uh, coast guard. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. No, Biff, you leave her alone. Perfect, just perfect. Hi, Marty.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Why not? Lorraine. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Leave me alone.

What? He's a very strange young man. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. Looks like a airplane, without wings. Oh, yeah, yeah. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.

Ahh. Ahh. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Look, you gotta listen to me. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Yeah.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Ah. Whoa. Yeah. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Bet your ass it works. Yeah. What's the meaning of this. I've gotta go. Bet your ass it works.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What? Hey boy, are you alright? A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Nothing. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Hi, Marty. Bet your ass it works.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. What about George? He's a peeping tom. Dad. It's a board with wheels. You do?

Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Don't tell me anything. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yeah. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

What? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Yeah. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

What a nightmare. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Yeah. Well, I figured, what the hell. Nothing's coming to my mind. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- What, what, ma? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

That ain't no airplane, look. Working. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl.

Oh, what I meant to day was- What was it, George, bird watching? Who, who? Who? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Right. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Nothing's coming to my mind. Hello.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Uh, I think so. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma. Mom, Dad.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Right about here. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Who do you think, the Libyans.

It's a board with wheels. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Doc. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf.

Um, well it's a delorean, right? Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Wow, you must be rich. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Are you gonna order something, kid? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Leave me alone. That's George McFly? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Ahh. It's a board with wheels.

Yeah, it's in the back. Marty, will we ever see you again? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Doc. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Yeah okay. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Flux capacitor. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. George. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him.

Are you sure about this storm? Maybe you were adopted. What's a rerun? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? It's my dad.

It's a board with wheels. Listen, Doc. No. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. C'mon, c'mon.

Right. Let's get him. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

The flux capacitor. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Excuse me. Take care.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Oh, yeah, yeah.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Uh? Don't tell me anything.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. He's an absolute dream. Stop it. What's going on? Where have you been all week? What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. It's a board with wheels. Wrecked? Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Go.

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. I haven't Are those my clocks I hear? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. And where's my reports?

Well uh, good, fine. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Doc, she didn't even look at him. What did you say? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. You're George McFly. Listen, Doc. What, what, ma? Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. George. George. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Who are you? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Bet your ass it works. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Oh. Are those my clocks I hear? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Are you okay? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. George: you ever think of running for class president? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. No, why, what's a matter? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Scram, McFly.

What? Yeah okay. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. I followed you.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

Will you take care of that? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer. No, bastards.

Yeah, it's in the back. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. You know what I do in those situations? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. The storm. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Precisely. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What did you say? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. What was it, George, bird watching?

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. What? Why not? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. He's your brother, Mom. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. What?

Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Right. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Right. Huh? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor.

The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Hello, Jennifer. Erased from existence. A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Well, I guess that's everything. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? It's a board with wheels. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Hello, Jennifer. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. How about a ride, Mister? this has gotta be a dream.

This is for all you lovers out there. Doc. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day.

Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. Who is that guy. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. George.

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Wow, you must be rich. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

What did I just say? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. We do now. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing?

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Oh, just a little weather experiment. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. What?

Shit. God dammit, I'm late. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Which one's your pop? She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Go. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. I think we need a rematch.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Marty, are you alright? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Okay.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Huh? Uh, coast guard. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Scram, McFly.

Oh. Erased from existence. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly.

Let's go. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Jesus.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Did you hurt your head? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Doc. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland?

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Uh, Doc. What you got under here? Did you hurt your head? Working.

This sounds pretty heavy. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Quiet. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Why not? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. George. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Ronald Reagon.

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. What you got under here? I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Doc.

Huh? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Marty, that was very interesting music. George.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Where were we. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Marty, you made it. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? About how far ahead are you going? What, well you mean like a date?

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Stop it. I don't wanna see you in here again. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Save the clock tower. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Lorraine.

I'll get it back to you, alright? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Okay. Well uh, good, fine.

Never mind that now, never mind that now. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. Yoo. Marty, such a nice name. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Are you okay?

Oh. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

And he could sleep in my room. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Calvin. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

George. Doc, you gotta help- Well gee, I don't know. Why not? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Right check, Doc. Okay Doc, this is it. Marty, you made it.

Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- What? Thank you. In about thirty years. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

You too. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. I, I don't know.

Yeah, where does he live? Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Lorraine, are you up there? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Did you hurt your head?

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Yeah, it's in the back. Really. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You do? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Where were we. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. What you got under here? No, not yet. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Uh? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Leave me alone.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. It's a board with wheels. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? No, why, what's a matter? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Uh, well, I gotta go. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Okay, but I don't know what to say. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Shit.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? You don't understand. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Doc, you gotta help- You too. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Right. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. You too. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Who, who? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

The future, it's where you're going? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. You know what I do in those situations? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. What?

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Well, this is a radiation suit. I think I know exactly what you mean.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yet. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I hope so. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Say that again. Jesus.

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Whoa, wait, Doc. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Well, they're bigger than me. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Quiet. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Your, your right. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Right. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? A colored mayor, that'll be the day.

Oh. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Oh, yeah, yeah. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Ah. Marty, that was very interesting music. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Ohh, no. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Alright, take it up, go. Doc. In that case, I'll tell you strait out.

Who, who? No, not yet. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Ahh. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

I followed you. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Doc.

Is she pretty? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

C'mon. Marty, why are you so nervous? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well, this is a radiation suit.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Yeah. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Your, your right. C'mon. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Who do you think, the Libyans. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Unroll their fire. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Let's put him in there. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Shit. What the hell is this? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Oh, what I meant to day was- Ahh. Ahh.

Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Its good. I will. I'll call you tonight.

Let's put him in there. And he could sleep in my room. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here?

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Go. Go. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. C'mon. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Uh, Doc. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. You don't understand. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Nothing. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. I have to tell you about the future. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. About how far ahead are you going?

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. That's good advice, Marty. What? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Did you hurt your head?

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. What's with the life preserver? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Scram, McFly. Where?

What did I just say? Marty, you made it. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Marty, that was very interesting music. What's that thing he's on?

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Precisely. Oh. Are you okay? I said the keys are in here.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. What did you say? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Take care. Stop it.

Good morning, Mom. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

I'm gonna ram him. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. What's that thing he's on? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Yeah, where does he live? Excuse me. Ah, honey, your first novel. Calvin. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? You bet. No, not yet. Whoa, this is heavy. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Alright, I'm ready. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Well gee, I don't know. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Doc, is that a de- You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. What, what is it hot? Yeah. It's about the future, isn't it?

Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Yeah, it's 8:00. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet.

Biff. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Huh? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. What, what is it hot?

We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Right. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. What's with the life preserver? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Never mind that now, never mind that now.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks.

Say that again. Oh, what I meant to day was- Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Yeah, he's right here. Who, who?

Breakfast. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. How's your head? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

Marty, you made it. No. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. What, what is it hot?

That ain't no airplane, look. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Uncle Jailbird Joey? Keys? What, what, ma?

Good morning, Mom. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. I have to tell you about the future. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Never?

Yeah, where does he live? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Well, Biff. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Lorraine. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Right. Ohh, no. That's good advice, Marty.

I think we need a rematch. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Good morning. Do you mind if we park for a while?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Who are you? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Crazy drunk drivers. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Hi, Marty.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Erased from existence. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

How's your head? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Where were we.

He's an absolute dream. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Doc, is that a de- I'm gonna ram him. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

this has gotta be a dream. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Alright, punk, now- Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Are you gonna order something, kid? We never would have fallen in love. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Who is that guy. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

You bet. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Ahh. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Thanks.

Back to the future. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

That's him. Biff. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. About how far ahead are you going? It's a board with wheels.

Crazy drunk drivers. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. I have to tell you about the future. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Lorraine. Quiet. You bet. Crazy drunk drivers. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that?

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Doc, you gotta help- Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Ahh. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well, I figured, what the hell.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Bet your ass it works.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Right, I got it. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Hello. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. George.

I'll call you tonight. God dammit, I'm late. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Thanks. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Go. What's with the life preserver? Let's go. This sounds pretty heavy. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. What you got under here? Save the clock tower. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Are you sure about this storm?

Erased from existence. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Keys? So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Yeah, well history is gonna change. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Ahh. I hope so. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Alright, punk, now- It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What? Well uh, good, fine. What, I don't get what happened. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Right check, Doc. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

You got a permit for that? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Biff. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Yoo.

Marty, will we ever see you again? Right about here. Where? I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Well, I guess that's everything. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. I don't wanna see you in here again. I'm gonna ram him.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Keys? Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Watch it, Goldie. What Lorraine, what? Did you hurt your head? Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Doc? Really. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. You too. Is she pretty? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Because, you might regret it later in life. You're gonna be in the car with her. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Listen, Doc. I have a feeling too.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. Doc. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

He's alright. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Huh?

What? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Children. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Weight has nothing to do with it.

Lorraine. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? This sounds pretty heavy. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind-

No. Wrecked? When did this happen and- And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Its good.

Precisely. Actually, people call me Marty. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Where does he come from? What? Thanks, thanks a lot. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl.

Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Are you okay? Wrecked? What's that thing he's on? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Good morning. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Are you gonna order something, kid? Get your meat hooks off of me. Excuse me. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Doc? The hell you doing to my car? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Hello.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

I, I don't know. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. What? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. And where's my reports?

That's George McFly? Its good. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Does your mom know about tomorrow night?

Let's get him. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Marty, that was very interesting music. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time.

I have a feeling too. Really. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Marty, you made it. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Wow, you must be rich. The hell you doing to my car? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Marty, is that you? I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

The storm. No, Doc. Oh. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. It's a board with wheels.

Who do you think, the Libyans. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. She's just trying to keep you respectable. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Mom, Dad.

George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? No, Biff, you leave her alone. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

Ah, where're my pants? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Quiet. Will you take care of that? What?

Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Oh. This is for all you lovers out there. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Marty, you made it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Oh yes sir. Hello.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Who is that guy. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. George, help me, please. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. What, what, ma? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Go. Go.

No. Alright, punk, now- Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Who, who?

Ahh. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Okay. Looks like a airplane, without wings.

Doc. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Are you okay?

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Jesus, you smoke too?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. What a nightmare. Are you okay? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- What's with the life preserver?

How about a ride, Mister? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Thanks a lot, kid. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Doc. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. I'm gonna be at the dance. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

Where the hell are they. Calvin. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Well gee, I don't know.

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Aw yeah, everything is great. What, well you mean like a date? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Get your meat hooks off of me. Marty, will we ever see you again? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Right. Okay.

That ain't no airplane, look. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Huh? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Thanks a lot, kid. She's just trying to keep you respectable.

Actually, people call me Marty. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Say that again. What, what? Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Scram, McFly. Listen, Doc.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Excuse me. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Where does he come from? Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Right. Alright, we're the pinheads.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. What, what is it hot? Well, Biff. Well, I guess that's everything. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship?

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. She's just trying to keep you respectable. George. Wow, you must be rich.

Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? You have this thing hooked up to the car? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? What, what?

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. I guarantee it.

He's alright. Did you hurt your head? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Uh, look me up when you get there. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

Science Fiction Theater. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. this has gotta be a dream. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Right check, Doc. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

You'll find out. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Uh, Doc. What, what? Yeah.

You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. Yeah, where does he live? Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

No, not yet. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Okay Doc, this is it. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yeah, he's right here. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Bet your ass it works.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Perfect, just perfect. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Keys?

Thanks, thanks a lot. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Will you take care of that? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

I think we need a rematch. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. And where's my reports? Why do you keep following me around? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

That's right. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Yeah, it's in the back. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. C'mon. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Who do you think, the Libyans. You don't understand. Quiet. Right about here.

Yeah. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Mom, Dad. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Oh. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Marty. Marty. Marty. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

I'll call you tonight. Right. Nothing. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? What the hell is this?

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Weight has nothing to do with it. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Mom, Dad. What?

you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. this has gotta be a dream. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Where? Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Stop it. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Doc, is that a de-

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Where? Damn. I'm late for school. Doc? Don't say a word.

Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me.

Yeah. Excuse me. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Yeah, I think maybe you do. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Okay.

Let's get him. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Shit. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Who, who? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

What the hell is this? No. Next, please. I guarantee it. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

And he could sleep in my room. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. He's a peeping tom. Dad. What?

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Will you take care of that? You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

Yeah. Nothing. Ahh. Ahh. Quiet. Science Fiction Theater.

Uncle Jailbird Joey? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Huh? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- What's a rerun?

Hello, Jennifer. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Mom, Dad. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Thank you. In about thirty years. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Yeah. And where's my reports?

Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? Mom, is that you? Right. Right, and where am I gonna be?

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Thanks, thanks a lot. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Okay. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Marty, is that you? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Yeah, I think maybe you do. I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink.

He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Say that again. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Now Biff, don't con me. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

Without any sugar. Jennifer. Well, Biff. I will. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Uh, coast guard. Okay, but I don't know what to say. Whoa, wait, Doc. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

Huh? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Hi, Marty.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. God dammit, I'm late. Um, well it's a delorean, right? You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Doc.

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. I'm gonna ram him. That's George McFly.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Let's go. Take care. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port?

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. this has gotta be a dream. Huh? Why not? Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Save the clock tower. Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Children. We do now.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. You bet. Hey boy, are you alright? George, help me, please. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. The future, it's where you're going? No, why, what's a matter? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Doc?

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Doc. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. What a nightmare. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain.

Science Fiction Theater. Crazy drunk drivers. Uh, Doc. Yeah. I have to tell you about the future.

It's a board with wheels. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. George.

Ahh. Ahh. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Yeah, it's in the back. Ah, honey, your first novel. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Right. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I hope so. Quiet. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. What? Doc. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

I guarantee it. What's that thing he's on? Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Jennifer. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Oh, yeah, yeah. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Well, this is a radiation suit.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. It's my dad. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Marty, you made it.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Mom, is that you? Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? That ain't no airplane, look. Unroll their fire.

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Is she pretty? Excuse me. Ahh. Okay.

One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Where were we. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Yeah, sure, okay.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. What the hell is a gigawatt? He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Marty, you made it. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing?

I have to tell you about the future. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. What the hell is this?

I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Well, this is a radiation suit. Are you okay? Yeah, who are you? Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly?

Yet. Yeah. I think I know exactly what you mean. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Perfect, just perfect.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. George: you ever think of running for class president? No.

I'll get it back to you, alright? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? What? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Hi. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Maybe you were adopted. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Where does he come from? George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Right check, Doc. Excuse me. George. You broke it. Wow, look at him go.

Doc. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Sit here, Marty. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig?

On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Uh, look me up when you get there. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Good morning. Say that again. What's a rerun? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Right.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Are you okay? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? What about George? Wait a minute. You bet. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear?

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Doc. Are those my clocks I hear? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Oh. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Huh? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Mom, is that you?

Okay Doc, this is it. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow.

Shit. What? He's an absolute dream. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? Hi, Marty. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. Huh?

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. What? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. What, what, ma? I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand.

What about George? What? Right. Who do you think, the Libyans. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You'll find out in thirty years. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Ahh. Ahh. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. No, not yet. What?

What? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Stop it. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. He's a very strange young man. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please.

Look, you gotta listen to me. Say that again. You bet. Whoa, whoa, okay. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Huh? Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Who?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Okay Doc, this is it. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. What, what is it hot?

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Aw yeah, everything is great. What did you say? C'mon. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Jesus, you smoke too?

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Doc, she didn't even look at him. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Okay, but I don't know what to say. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. No. About 30 years, it's a nice round number. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Ahh.

Oh. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

What a nightmare. Who are you? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Yeah, it's in the back. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Look, you gotta listen to me. Biff. Ah. Whoa. Ah. Well, she's not doing a very good job.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Yeah. Look, you gotta listen to me. It's about the future, isn't it?

Which one's your pop? Watch it, Goldie. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you?

I have a feeling too. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Keys? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Calvin. That's good advice, Marty. What, what?

Okay Doc, this is it. Whoa, wait, Doc. Precisely. God dammit, I'm late. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature.

Hi, Marty. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Nothing's coming to my mind. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Nothing. Just finishing up the second coat now. Shit. Keys? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Quiet. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Ohh, no. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? You have this thing hooked up to the car? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Doc.

Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Oh. Marty you gotta come back with me. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? George. George.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What's the meaning of this. Oh. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye.

Marty, is that you? I just wanna use the phone. Alright, I'm ready. You okay, is everything alright? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple.

Actually, people call me Marty. You bet. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hey.

Whoa, wait, Doc. No, Biff, you leave her alone. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah, well history is gonna change. Whoa, this is heavy.

Uh, I think so. Who are you? Oh, just a little weather experiment. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Did you hurt your head? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. You'll find out. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc?

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. What?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Never? Unroll their fire. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

That's a big bruise you have there. Huh? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. George. What did I just say?

Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Well uh, good, fine. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. What, what, ma?

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Now Biff, don't con me. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

That's for messing up my hair. C'mon, c'mon. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire? this has gotta be a dream.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. What the hell is this?

Marty, why are you so nervous? Mom, is that you? Who are you? The flux capacitor. Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Go. Go. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. I have a feeling too. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Aw yeah, everything is great. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Yeah, exactly. Yet. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah, who are you? Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady.

The future, it's where you're going? That ain't no airplane, look. Ahh. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her.

Right. Which one's your pop? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Science Fiction Theater. What you got under here?

I think you got the wrong car, McFly. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Right, gimme a Pepsi free. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Don't say a word.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. What did you say?

Oh, what I meant to day was- Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly.

Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Oh. Yet. Yeah.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Keys? Where? I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Is she pretty? Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. What the hell is this? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Yoo. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. What the hell is this? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

What a nightmare. Shit. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. What?

I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Stop it. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Uh, I think so. Bet your ass it works.

Huh? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yet. What's going on? Where have you been all week? You don't understand.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Excuse me. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? You okay, is everything alright? Excuse me. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Is she pretty? My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. The hell you doing to my car? Doc, is that a de-

What did I just say? Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Who? On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. I guarantee it. Scram, McFly. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Oh yes sir.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. No, Doc. Well yeah, you know we have two of them.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

What? Ah, where're my pants? No, why, what's a matter? You got a permit for that? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Whoa, this is heavy. Yeah, where does he live?

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Your, your right. What? Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Don't say a word. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Quiet. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I have to tell you about the future.

Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? I'll call you tonight. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. What, what, ma? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter.

Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Perfect, just perfect. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Right.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Mom, is that you? That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. Uh, Doc.

No, why, what's a matter? Precisely. Are you gonna order something, kid? Wrecked? Erased from existence.

Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Doc, is that a de- Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Why is she gonna get angry with you? Good, you could start by sweeping the floor.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Marty, that was very interesting music. That's George McFly? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. No, not yet.

Right check, Doc. No. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Ahh. Ahh.

Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Yoo. Doc, is that a de- It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Really. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Ahh. Ahh.

Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Uh, I think so.

What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. You're George McFly. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? That's a big bruise you have there. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

Ahh. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? George: you ever think of running for class president? Wrecked? When did this happen and- Well gee, I don't know.

What, well you mean like a date? Ohh, no. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. We all make mistakes in life, children

The flux capacitor. Excuse me. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Yeah, it's in the back. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning.

Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Never? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Well uh, good, fine.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Why not? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Hello.

You'll find out. Yeah, he's right here. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Right, and where am I gonna be? And where's my reports? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something.

Yeah, gimme a Tab. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids.

I'm gonna ram him. It's my dad. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. C'mon. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Calvin. Ah well, sort of. Working. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. How about a ride, Mister? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. This is for all you lovers out there. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Whoa, wait, Doc. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. He's your brother, Mom. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Doc? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Let's put him in there. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Take care. Marty, are you alright? Yeah, I think maybe you do. Huh?

Science Fiction Theater. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Ohh, no.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I'm gonna ram him. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. It's about the future, isn't it? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Mom, Dad. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown.

In that case, I'll tell you strait out. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. What? What, well you mean like a date? Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

George, help me, please. Excuse me. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. What the hell is a gigawatt? I have to tell you about the future.

Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Right, I got it. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Marty you gotta come back with me. It's about the future, isn't it?

Mom, is that you? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Oh.

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Okay. Ahh. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. The flux capacitor.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. He's your brother, Mom. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Yeah. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Okay. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

No, why, what's a matter? Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955.

Alright, we're the pinheads. Marty, are you alright? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Who's are these?

Maybe you were adopted. Huh? What, what? Mom, is that you? No, why, what's a matter?

No. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. That's good advice, Marty. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Shit.

Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. What the hell is a gigawatt? C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Stop it. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Are you gonna order something, kid? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Thanks, thanks a lot.

This sounds pretty heavy. Yeah. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? McFly. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Well, I figured, what the hell. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Okay, but I don't know what to say. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Why not? Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Uh, look me up when you get there. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. Yet. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- George. That's right.

Jennifer. Stop it. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Wrecked? When did this happen and-

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Okay. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Yeah, who are you? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

Ahh. Ahh. Whoa, this is heavy. Yeah. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- He's an absolute dream. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hello. Uh, look me up when you get there. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

No, why, what's a matter? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Marty, you made it. Keys? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

Whoa, wait, Doc. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Science Fiction Theater.

Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Doc? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Shit. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.

Hello, Jennifer. Are you gonna order something, kid? Oh. That ain't no airplane, look. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Is she pretty? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. C'mon, c'mon.

Don't tell me anything. Ah, honey, your first novel. This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. What a nightmare.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Never? Why is she gonna get angry with you? Hi.

Leave her alone, you bastard. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. I, I don't know. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? C'mon.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. What? Watch it, Goldie. Uh, you mean nobody's asked you?

That's George McFly? Marty, is that you? Science Fiction Theater. Crazy drunk drivers. Ahh.

What the hell is this? Stop it. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Precisely.

Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Crazy drunk drivers. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. George. Watch it, Goldie. Uh, Doc. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

What, what is it hot? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. George, help me, please.

What you got under here? David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Flux capacitor. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? George. George.

Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Yeah, sure, okay. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Now Biff, don't con me. Stop it.

You'll find out in thirty years. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it. Well, I guess that's everything. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

Alright, punk, now- Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

What? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Hello. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Yeah, well history is gonna change.

Jennifer. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. I hope so.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Jennifer. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street.

Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Right. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? You bet. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. I can't play. Flux capacitor.

No, Biff, you leave her alone. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Um, well it's a delorean, right? I haven't

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. No. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. I think we need a rematch. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Well, this is a radiation suit. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Watch it, Goldie. Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Uh, well, I gotta go.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Without any sugar. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. That's George McFly. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. I'm gonna be at the dance. Stop it. How's your head?

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? C'mon, c'mon let's go. That's right. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. No, not yet.

You too. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Sit here, Marty. Will you take care of that? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Oh. What's a rerun?

George. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. How about a ride, Mister? Doc, she didn't even look at him.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Ahh. No. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Good morning, Mom.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Uh, Doc. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. I have to tell you about the future. C'mon, c'mon.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. That ain't no airplane, look. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Alright, we're the pinheads. Hey boy, are you alright?

Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? The storm.

I followed you. Thanks. Ahh. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born.

Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Lorraine, are you up there? Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Well uh, good, fine. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Precisely. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Oh. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. You have this thing hooked up to the car?

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? The keys are in the trunk. I think I know exactly what you mean. Perfect, just perfect.

What? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. You do? No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Doc.

Biff. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. I'll get it back to you, alright? I'm gonna be at the dance. George: you ever think of running for class president?

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Lorraine. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Good morning.

It's about the future, isn't it? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Who are you? 1955? You're my ma- you're my ma.

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. He's alright. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Yeah, he's right here.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. C'mon, c'mon. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here. Uh, look me up when you get there. Quiet.

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Well gee, I don't know. The flux capacitor.

Science Fiction Theater. Yeah, where does he live? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

That's good advice, Marty. That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Yoo.

Perfect, just perfect. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Marty, you made it. Science Fiction Theater. What's that thing he's on?

Yeah. It's my dad. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Lorraine.

Which one's your pop? Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. No, I refuse to except the responsibility. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Hello. Marty, are you alright? Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Alright, take it up, go. Doc.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Not a word, not a word, not a word now. Quiet, uh, donations, you want me to make a donation to the coast guard youth auxiliary? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? I followed you.

Leave me alone. Okay. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Whoa, wait, Doc.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. What the hell is a gigawatt? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

What? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Leave her alone, you bastard. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Yeah, exactly. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Children. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Holy shit.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Ahh. Ahh. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Uh, coast guard. Hey.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. The storm. What, what is it hot? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. He's a very strange young man.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. This is for all you lovers out there. How about a ride, Mister? Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? You okay, is everything alright? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Its good. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. Right. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

Just finishing up the second coat now. Erased from existence. Yeah, he's right here. We never would have fallen in love. Aw yeah, everything is great.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Mom, is that you? Quiet. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

God dammit, I'm late. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Well, I figured, what the hell. Oh.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Um, yeah, I'm on my way. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Maybe you were adopted. I hope so. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Lorraine, are you up there? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

About 30 years, it's a nice round number. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Right, and where am I gonna be? No, why, what's a matter?

Marty, such a nice name. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. George. Jennifer. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. What about George? Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. No, bastards.

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Ahh. Working.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Alright, punk, now- Because, you might regret it later in life.

You know what I do in those situations? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Damn. I'm late for school. A colored mayor, that'll be the day. I haven't

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Hi. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Thanks a lot, kid. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties?

Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Um, well it's a delorean, right? You know what I do in those situations? Marty, that was very interesting music.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Save the clock tower. Hello. I will. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me.

I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Good morning. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased.

What? I've gotta go. What the hell is a gigawatt? Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

What you got under here? Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear?

Go. Go. He's your brother, Mom. Marty you gotta come back with me. Marty, that was very interesting music. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything.

Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I don't wanna see you in here again. Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one.

C'mon. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. You're George McFly.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? Well uh, good, fine. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Ah well, sort of. Right, and where am I gonna be? Huh? You okay, is everything alright? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Huh? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? He's your brother, Mom.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Thanks a lot, kid. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. You know what I do in those situations? Well, I figured, what the hell. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

No, not yet. I will. Well uh, good, fine. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Aw yeah, everything is great.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. You don't understand. C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. No. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Hello. Who, who? Excuse me.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Is she pretty? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Are you sure about this storm? That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Jesus. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Ronald Reagon. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. What, what, ma? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Marty, that was very interesting music. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Next, please.

Yet. Marty, that was very interesting music. Do you mind if we park for a while? Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Ah, honey, your first novel. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. What? No.

I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Good, you could start by sweeping the floor. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Right about here.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. What the hell is this?

Ahh. Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Don't say a word. You do? But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Weight has nothing to do with it.

Ah, where're my pants? Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. I'm gonna be at the dance. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Right.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Yeah, it's 8:00. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Look, you gotta listen to me. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Well gee, I don't know. C'mon, c'mon let's go. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

C'mon. Hello. What? Yeah. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey.

Go. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. What's that thing he's on?

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Well, I guess that's everything. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

What was it, George, bird watching? Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. You're gonna be in the car with her. Lorraine, are you up there? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Listen, Doc. Right. We do now. George, help me, please. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Yeah, exactly. And where's my reports? Thanks. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Yeah.

Yeah. Yet. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

You have this thing hooked up to the car? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I hope so. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Listen, Doc.

Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Marty, such a nice name.

Where were we. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. No, not yet. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? C'mon, c'mon. Yeah, it's in the back. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Well, they're bigger than me.

Scram, McFly. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Precisely. Uh, I think so. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Doc, you gotta help- How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance.

Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Stop it. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

Hey, hey, keep rolling, keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical. But I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Doc, you gotta help- Yeah okay. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

You'll find out. What's going on? Where have you been all week? Where does he come from? Precisely. What, what, ma?

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? No, why, what's a matter? Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. Your, your right. Who do you think, the Libyans.

Are you sure about this storm? What? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Are you gonna order something, kid?

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? What? You don't understand.

George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Go. Really. No, Doc. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Excuse me. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine.

Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? You're gonna be in the car with her. Why do you keep following me around? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Alright, we're the pinheads. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Stop it. Save the clock tower. Jesus, you smoke too? When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley.

Keys? Wait a minute. Yeah. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. That's him. Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? I'll get it back to you, alright? What a nightmare.

Good morning. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? What? Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Doc. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What? Take care. You got a permit for that?

That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Excuse me. Children. Yeah.

Yet. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? What? C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Where does he come from? Nothing.

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Shit. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. You'll find out.

Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. No. What, I don't get what happened. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Who's are these?

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Keys? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Good morning, Mom. Without any sugar. Yeah, it's 8:00. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny.

Doc, wait. No, bastards. We never would have fallen in love. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Doc.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. About how far ahead are you going? Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds. Aw yeah, everything is great. C'mon, c'mon. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Ahh. No. Take care. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. It's my dad.

You're George McFly. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. What a nightmare. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Good morning, Mom.

What? I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. What Lorraine, what? Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. What?

No. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Precisely. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. I don't wanna see you in here again.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Oh. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Marty, are you alright?

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Okay Doc, this is it. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? What? Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. He's alright. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Okay. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. How about a ride, Mister? George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I followed you.

Will you take care of that? Marty, is that you? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Yeah.

And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Are you gonna order something, kid? No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? That's him.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on.

Yeah, it's in the back. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

The keys are in the trunk. Wait a minute. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Oh.

George. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. I just wanna use the phone. I don't wanna see you in here again. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

Oh, just a little weather experiment. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. I, I don't know. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Hi, Marty. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Thanks. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

How about a ride, Mister? Stop it. Well yeah, you know we have two of them. Hello. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it.

No, not yet. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it. Yoo.

You got a permit for that? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them.

It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Uh, coast guard. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break.

Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Unroll their fire. Ah, where're my pants? It's a board with wheels. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

No. George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Who? I think I know exactly what you mean. Right. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Science Fiction Theater. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty.

I will. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. Get your meat hooks off of me. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Shut your filthy mouth, I'm not that kind of girl. Really. Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

I think we need a rematch. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. This sounds pretty heavy.

Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Who is that guy. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car.

There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Ahh. I'm gonna ram him.

Ohh, no. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Biff. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Don't say a word.

Oh. I think we need a rematch. I've gotta go. And he could sleep in my room. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Who's are these? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? What?

Right, I got it. Yeah, it's 8:00. Well, I guess that's everything. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Leave me alone.

This sounds pretty heavy. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Marty, why are you so nervous? I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. The keys are in the trunk. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous.

Your, your right. You too. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What the hell is a gigawatt?

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. The hell you doing to my car? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Whoa, wait, Doc. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc.

And where's my reports? Thanks a lot, kid. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? Right, I got it. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Right.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? What did your mother ever see in that kid? Biff.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Holy shit. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

Go. Go. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Just relax now Calvin, you've got a big bruise on you're head. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

What the hell is a gigawatt? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Uh, Doc. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Lorraine, are you up there?

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- You have this thing hooked up to the car?

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Well, I figured, what the hell. Well, Biff. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy.

The flux capacitor. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? C'mon. Hey boy, are you alright? Biff. I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

Yeah. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Damn. I'm late for school. I had a horrible nightmare, dreamed I went back in time, it was terrible.

I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Why not? Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there?

Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Great good, good, Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two. He's your brother, Mom. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall.

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Who are you? Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Stop it. Uh?

I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Science Fiction Theater. What's a rerun? Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

What? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Uh, coast guard.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. What did your mother ever see in that kid? I followed you. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Uh, yeah. Thanks. I'm gonna ram him. Let's get him. And where's my reports?

Never? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Mom, Dad.

This sounds pretty heavy. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Stop it. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Crazy drunk drivers. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Keys?

Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Good, I'll see you tonight. Don't forget, now, 1:15 a.m., Twin Pines Mall. Well gee, I don't know. You're George McFly. Doc.

Marty, you made it. God dammit, I'm late. What, what? Doc. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25?

Who is that guy. Stop it. Without any sugar. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. No, bastards.

Oh no, don't touch that. That's some new specialized weather sensing equipment. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. And he could sleep in my room. Looks like a airplane, without wings. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Doc. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Hello. Doc, wait. No, bastards. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch.

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Why not? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

What's going on? Where have you been all week? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Wrecked? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Oh yes sir. I guarantee it. Huh? You too. I'm, I'm sorry, Mr. McFly, I mean, I was just starting on the second coat.

What about George? No. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Look, you gotta listen to me. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Uh, coast guard. Well, they're bigger than me. Alright, I'm ready. Take care. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him.

Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Are you sure about this storm? What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else.

No, not yet. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Don't tell me anything. What the hell is this? Say that again.

How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. Are those my clocks I hear? Thank you. In about thirty years.

Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. C'mon, c'mon. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Who do you think, the Libyans. You guys, take him in back and I'll be right there. Well c'mon, this ain't no peep show.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Whoa, whoa, okay. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that.

Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- I think I know exactly what you mean. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Aw yeah, everything is great.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible. Let's get him. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car.

Right. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. You'll find out. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay?

That's for messing up my hair. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. Which one's your pop? I said the keys are in here.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- No. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me.

Yeah, I think maybe you do. Hello, Jennifer. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? C'mon, c'mon. Marty, why are you so nervous?

I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Biff. I followed you. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you.

C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. You're George McFly. Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Okay Doc, this is it. Ahh.

Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense. Doc, you gotta help- No, I refuse to except the responsibility. It's a board with wheels. Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Yeah.

Huh? I just wanna use the phone. Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Are you gonna order something, kid? Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

What was it, George, bird watching? You're gonna be in the car with her. Well, they're bigger than me. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. You'll find out in thirty years.

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug. Nothing. Get out of town, I didn't know you did anything creative. Ah, let me read some. Right check, Doc.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. What's the meaning of this. You okay, is everything alright? After I fell off my toilet, I drew this.

Nothing's coming to my mind. Flux capacitor. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. What was it, George, bird watching?

Well gee, I don't know. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Yeah, it's 8:00. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Marty, will we ever see you again? Ah. Whoa. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life?

C'mon. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Go. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here.

This is for all you lovers out there. Never mind that now, never mind that now. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man.

Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Just finishing up the second coat now. oh yeah, all you gotta do is go over there and ask her. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? No. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Never? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. Thanks. Okay, but I don't know what to say.

It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver.

He's a peeping tom. Dad. Doc. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Did you hurt your head? Huh?

What? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Oh honey, he's teasing you, nobody has two television sets. Maybe you were adopted. George, help me, please.

Yeah. Alright, punk, now- Now Biff, don't con me. Yeah. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? What the hell is a gigawatt? I'm gonna ram him. Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

Unroll their fire. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Ahh. You wanna a Pepsi, pall, you're gonna pay for it.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating?

So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Oh. C'mon.

What did your mother ever see in that kid? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George?

The appropriate question is, weren't the hell are they. Einstein has just become the world's first time traveler. I sent him into the future. One minute into the future to be exact. And at exactly 1:21 a.m. we should cat h up with him and the time machine. Doc, is that a de- Crazy drunk drivers. What, right here right now in the cafeteria? What if she said no? I don't know if I could take that kind of rejection. Besides, I think she'd rather go with somebody else. Quiet.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Who is that guy.

He's a very strange young man. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. I've gotta go. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head.

No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- That's for messing up my hair. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Does your mom know about tomorrow night? You don't understand. McFly.

God dammit, I'm late. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Yeah, he's right here. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. What did you sleep in your clothes again last night.

The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. What, what, ma? Marty, you made it. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Lorraine, are you up there? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday-

Without any sugar. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? We all make mistakes in life, children

No, not yet. Oh. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. What about George? I, I don't know.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Right. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Hello, Jennifer. Listen, Doc.

Your, your right. Oh, what I meant to day was- Excuse me. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright?

Yet. That's a big bruise you have there. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Go. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc

Wow, you must be rich. Well, she's not doing a very good job. Oh, what I meant to day was- What? Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you.

What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I haven't Excuse me. Marty, will we ever see you again?

Doc. What's with the life preserver? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Biff. Save the clock tower.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Doc, she's beautiful. She's crazy about me. Look at this, look what she wrote me, Doc. That says it all. Doc, you're my only hope. Flux capacitor. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. What's a rerun?

You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Huh? He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Precisely.

Marty, that was very interesting music. Oh. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. Really.

George: you ever think of running for class president? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

Excuse me. What a nightmare. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Thanks. Right about here.

Marty, why are you so nervous? Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Oh. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. George. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Are you sure about this storm?

That's right. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Well, I guess that's everything. We never would have fallen in love. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Okay, but I don't know what to say. Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact.

Right. About how far ahead are you going? Right about here. Whoa, this is heavy. Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty.

Who are you? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. Let's get him. The storm.

Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yoo. Wrecked?

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Wait a minute. Stop it.

Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Uh, coast guard. Alright, take it up, go. Doc. Uncle Jailbird Joey?

Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? George, help me, please. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? You don't understand.

Damn. I'm late for school. Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. He's your brother, Mom. What? Don't say a word.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. What the hell is this? Marty, are you alright? Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

Where were we. Erased from existence. Yet. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning? Welcome to my latest experiment. It's the one I've been waiting for all my life.

Well gee, I don't know. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Oh, what I meant to day was- Excuse me.

Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? What, what is it hot? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. What? Listen, Doc.

My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Aw yeah, everything is great. I have to tell you about the future. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before.

But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Yet.

George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Go. Go. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. C'mon.

He's an absolute dream. Jesus, George, it's a wonder I was ever born. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

Ah, where're my pants? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something?

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Marty, such a nice name. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

Why do you keep following me around? Children. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Is she pretty? C'mon, c'mon let's go.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. He's your brother, Mom. Lorraine, are you up there? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon.

Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. What did you say? I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. I will. That's good advice, Marty.

Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I can't play. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age.

What Lorraine, what? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Well, you mean, it makes perfect sense.

Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Oh. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after.

Uh, yeah. I just wanna use the phone. Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Ah, honey, your first novel. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum.

Yeah, sure, okay. Uh, yeah. No. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood.

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour, the instance the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night.

I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? George. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. You're gonna be in the car with her.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Looks like a airplane, without wings. What about George? I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Whoa, whoa, okay.

Yeah, he's right here. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? Leave me alone. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. I need fuel. Go ahead, quick, get in the car. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. Yeah, alright, bye-bye. What?

What, what? Yeah, where does he live? Do you mind if we park for a while? Ah. Whoa. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. Uncle Jailbird Joey? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- Ahh.

whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. George: you ever think of running for class president? Nothing. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Well uh, good, fine.

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Who? Hi.

Your, your right. Uh, yeah. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? C'mon man, let's do something that really cooks. Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything.

I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Right, and where am I gonna be? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? How about a ride, Mister? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need.

Right. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo

This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Ahh. What about George? Lorenzo, where're you keys? Damn. I'm late for school.

Stop it. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. What the hell is this? Marty, you didn't fall asleep, did you?

Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Keys? I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Oh, what I meant to day was- Well gee, I don't know.

Are you gonna order something, kid? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. Stop it.

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Alright, we're the pinheads. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Oh, no no no, I never uh, I never let anybody read my stories.

Alright, we're the pinheads. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Oh, yeah, yeah. Never? No wait, Doc, the bruise, the bruise on your head, I know how that happened, you told me the whole story. you were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell, and you hit your head on the sink, and that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, which makes time travel possible.

Ohh, no. Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. I hope so. Alright, punk, now- I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future-

What the hell is a gigawatt? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Nothing's coming to my mind.

I haven't Right. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Biff. Yeah, who are you?

I think I know exactly what you mean. Listen, woh. Hello, uh excuse me. Sorry about your barn. What's a rerun? The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George.

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Jesus. You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Marty, that was very interesting music. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Watch it, Goldie. Lorraine, are you up there?

Marty, that was very interesting music. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. His head's gone, it's like it's been erased. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. Right.

What, what, ma? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Hey, George, buddy, you weren't at school, what have you been doing all day? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of-

We do now. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Hey. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. The future, it's where you're going?

Weight has nothing to do with it. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Biff. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Oh. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Breakfast. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Yeah, it's 8:00.

Its good. Stop it. Well, this is a radiation suit. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Uh, yeah. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Doc, you gotta help- Huh?

Let him go, Biff, you're drunk. And where's my reports? Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

Oh, I sure like her, Marty, she is such a sweet girl. Isn't tonight the night of the big date? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Huh? Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine.

Yoo. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. Because, you might regret it later in life. Marty, you made it.

Wow, you must be rich. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity- Who, who? Thanks. Its good.

You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? It's my dad. So tell me, Marty, how long have you been in port? Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me?

I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Watch it, Goldie. Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. You okay, is everything alright?

Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? I'll call you tonight. Who? Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future.

Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? It's about the future, isn't it? Hey Biff, check out this guy's life preserver, dork thinks he's gonna drown. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? That's right, twenty five years into the future. I've always dreamed on seeing the future, looking beyond my years, seeing the progress of mankind. I'll also be able to see who wins the next twenty-five world series.

Why is she gonna get angry with you? I guarantee it. Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight.

What? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Lorraine, are you up there? Okay. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. You don't understand. Science Fiction Theater.

He's an absolute dream. No, Doc. Right, and where am I gonna be? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? What do you mean you've seen this, it's brand new.

Good morning. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Thank you, don't forget to take a flyer.

Sit here, Marty. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son. One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar.

George, help me, please. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. They're late. My experiment worked. They're all exactly twenty-five minutes slow. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Did you hurt your head?

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Now Biff, don't con me. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Thanks, thanks a lot.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Please note that Einstein's clock is in complete synchronization with my control watch. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared.

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. I'll call you tonight. That's George McFly. Who are you? Ah, honey, your first novel.

I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Wrecked? You'll find out.

Oh yes sir. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Next, please.

Precisely. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Lorenzo, where're you keys?

Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

What? Just finishing up the second coat now. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Who are you? Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Um, yeah, I'm on my way. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? Where's Einstein, is he with you?

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- About how far ahead are you going? Right. Yeah, who are you? I don't wanna see you in here again.

I, I don't know. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. Really. Marty, are you alright?

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan. And he told me that if I didn't take Lorraine, that he'd melt my brain. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Who?

Ahh. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What did your mother ever see in that kid?

She's just trying to keep you respectable. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Doc. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Ahh. Ahh. You'll find out.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Yeah. I will.

Right. I'll call you tonight. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing?

Weight has nothing to do with it. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. What? Marty, will we ever see you again? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. Now, now, Biff, now, I never noticed any blindspot before when I would drive it. Hi, son.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Wrecked? When did this happen and- Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Well gee, I don't know. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her.

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Well looky what we have here. No no no, you're staying right here with me. You're George McFly. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Yeah, yeah what are you wearing, Dave. Bet your ass it works.

God dammit, I'm late. Look, you gotta listen to me. Right about here. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. No.

Right, and where am I gonna be? That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you. What's the meaning of this. I, I don't know.

Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Ah, where're my pants? I guarantee it.

No. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Without any sugar. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Okay, alright, I'll prove it to you. Look at my driver's license, expires 1987. Look at my birthday, for crying out load I haven't even been born yet. And, look at this picture, my brother, my sister, and me. Look at the sweatshirt, Doc, class of 1984.

Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked. Marty, you seem so nervous, is something wrong? So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985? What's with the life preserver? Yeah.

Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Jesus, you smoke too? Yeah. Hey boy, are you alright? Alright, we're the pinheads.

Who? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? I followed you.

Yeah, who are you? Ahh. I'll be at my grandma's. Here, let me give you the number. Bye. Okay Doc, this is it. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it?

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. I think I know exactly what you mean. Yeah, it's 8:00. No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago.

I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Is she pretty? Did you hurt your head? Yeah okay. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name.

Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Go. I followed you.

Nothing. And where's my reports? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

I just wanna use the phone. What, what, ma? Calvin. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you?

Marty, that's completely out of the question, you must not leave this house. you must not see anybody or talk to anybody. Anything you do could have serious repercussions on future events. Do you understand? That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Yeah. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

No, fine, no , good, fine, good. David, watch your mouth. You come here and kiss your mother before you go, come here. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. I have to tell you about the future. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly.

Marty, why are you so nervous? My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. Where the hell are they. Well, uh, listen, uh, I really-

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. Well, they're bigger than me. Oh, just a little weather experiment.

Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? this has gotta be a dream. Nothing. That's George McFly.

Don't tell me anything. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Erased from existence. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice.

Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. It's a board with wheels. Breakfast. We all make mistakes in life, children No, why, what's a matter?

What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. This sounds pretty heavy. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. That's a great idea. I'd love to park.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Oh Mom, there's nothing wrong with calling a boy. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Huh? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Who the hell is John F. Kennedy? You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. Right, I got it. Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay?

Where does he come from? Hey. Alright, let's set your destination time. This is the exact time you left. I'm gonna send you back at exactly the same time. It's be like you never left. Now, I painted a white line on the street way over there, that's where you start from. I've calculated the distance and wind resistance fresh to active from the moment the lightning strikes, at exactly 7 minutes and 22 seconds. When this alarm goes off you hit the gas. Science Fiction Theater. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload.

Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Ahh. The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. Doc, wait. No, bastards.

Ohh, no. Children. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Good. Have a good trip Einstein, watch your head. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine.

Ah well, sort of. Actually, people call me Marty. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time?

Well gee, I don't know. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Back to the future.

Well, uh, listen, uh, I really- Right. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. We do now.

Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. I have a feeling too. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. About how far ahead are you going? Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Let's get him.

Yeah. He's alright. Where's Einstein, is he with you? Stop it. There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

Hello. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Yeah. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Oh.

Yeah, I'm- mayor. Now that's a good idea. I could run for mayor. No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh, Doc. Thanks. Don't say a word.

Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going. How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. Are you gonna order something, kid? She's just trying to keep you respectable. I've gotta go.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Marty, are you alright? Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you telling me that it's 8:25? Biff. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Why not? Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Nah, I just don't think I'm cut out for music. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around.

What's with the life preserver? Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. I haven't Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

I followed you. Silence Earthling. my name is Darth Vader. I'm am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

Yeah, well, I still don't understand what Dad was doing in the middle of the street. Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all.

The flux capacitor. You bet. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Yeah, he's right here. George.

Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Take care. Huh? Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. He's an absolute dream.

That's right. Right. We all make mistakes in life, children Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Lorraine, are you up there?

You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Mayor Goldie Wilson, I like the sound of that. You bet. Hey George, heard you laid out Biff, nice going.

He's an absolute dream. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Leave me alone. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

How about a ride, Mister? Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? What, what, ma? Did you hurt your head? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue?

Ah, honey, your first novel. Well, I figured, what the hell. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. What a nightmare. Okay.

A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Wow, you must be rich. Listen, Doc. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Yeah, sure, okay. That's right. Its good.

Holy shit. Its good. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Yeah well look, Marvin, Marvin, you gotta play. See that's where they kiss for the first time on the dance floor. And if there's no music, they can't dance, and if they can't dance, they can't kiss, and if they can't kiss, they can't fall in love and I'm history.

Ah. Whoa. George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? The flux capacitor. Yeah, it's 8:00.

You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson. Progress is his middle name. He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Yeah, well uh, lets keep this brain melting stuff to ourselves, okay? Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. You'll find out in thirty years. Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- Save the clock tower.

Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair.

Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you. Doc? I'm gonna ram him.

I don't wanna see you in here again. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh. And where's my reports? Who? What you got under here?

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Ahh. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

I think we need a rematch. this has gotta be a dream. Thanks a lot, kid. That's him. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together?

Right. Hey not too early I sleep in Sunday's, hey McFly, you're shoe's untied, don't be so gullible, McFly. Alright, okay. Alright, there she is, George. Just go in there and invite her. Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Because, you might regret it later in life.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. That's Calvin Klein, oh my god, he's a dream. I followed you. I'm gonna be at the dance. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where.

George, help me, please. Say that again. That's him. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. You bet.

Ahh. Ahh. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. You're George McFly. Right. I think I know exactly what you mean.

What you got under here? Well, she's not doing a very good job. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Where were we.

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. No, Marty, we've already agreed that having information about the future could be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, they could backfire drastically. Whatever you've got to tell me I'll find out through the natural course of time. That was so stupid, Grandpa hit him with the car. Good morning.

Well, Marty, I'm almost eighteen-years-old, it's not like I've never parked before. Yeah but George, Lorraine wants to go with you. Give her a break. It works, ha ha ha ha, it works. I finally invent something that works. What, what? Yeah, who are you?

Alright, punk, now- Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? How could I have been so careless. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Tom, how am I gonna generate that kind of power, it can't be done, it can't. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Why thank you, Marty. George. Good morning, sleepyhead, Good morning, Dave, Lynda Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. What? Who are you calling spook, pecker-wood. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

I'm gonna ram him. Oh. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? She's just trying to keep you respectable. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. C'mon. I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I guarantee it. Marty, why are you so nervous? Nothing. You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please.

Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Uh, look me up when you get there.

Alright, punk, now- It's about the future, isn't it? Ahh. George McFly? Oh, he's kinda cute and all, but, well, I think a man should be strong, so he could stand up for himself, and protect the woman he loves. Don't you? I, I don't know.

Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. That's good advice, Marty. Precisely. Hi. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Watch it, Goldie. Mr. McFly, Mr. McFly, this just arrived, oh hi Marty. I think it's your new book. You're gonna break his arm. Biff, leave him alone. Let him go. Let him go. You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater.

Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? It's about the future, isn't it? Is she pretty? Alright kid, you stick to your father like glue and make sure that he takes her to the dance. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Say that again. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Yeah well, I saw it on a rerun. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Marty, is that you? Wrecked? When did this happen and- I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance.

Which one's your pop? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc. Alright, okay Jennifer. What if I send in the tape and they don't like it. I mean, what if they say I'm no good. What if they say, 'Get out of here, kid, you got no future.' I mean, I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection. Jesus, I'm beginning to sound like my old man. Really. Hi, it's really a pleasure to meet you.

Maybe you were adopted. Never mind that, never mind that now, never mind that, never mind- Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload.

Yeah Mom, we know, you've told us this story a million times. You felt sorry for him so you decided to go with him to The Fish Under The Sea Dance. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Lorraine, are you up there?

Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. What's the meaning of this. Wrecked? Right, and where am I gonna be? Nothing.

Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Don't tell me anything. No, it was The Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Our first date. It was the night of that terrible thunderstorm, remember George? Your father kissed me for the very first time on that dance floor. It was then I realized I was going to spend the rest of my life with him. Oh, what I meant to day was- It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Yeah okay.

Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Doc? He's your brother, Mom.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

I over slept, look I need your help. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. I have to ask Lorraine out but I don't know how to do it. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Lorraine. Hey, Doc? Doc. Hello, anybody home? Einstein, come here, boy. What's going on? Wha- aw, god. Aw, Jesus. Whoa, rock and roll. Yo The hell you doing to my car?

Well, I guess that's everything. About how far ahead are you going? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. Oh, yeah, yeah. Mom, Dad.

Stop it. Ohh, no. Marty, is that you? Flux capacitor. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Alright, take it up, go. Doc. He's an absolute dream. I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy. She's just trying to keep you respectable. What?

That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair? Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be. George. Wait a minute, Doc. What are you talking about? What happens to us in the future? What do we become assholes or something? Great Scott. Let me see that photograph again of your brother. Just as I thought, this proves my theory, look at your brother.

Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Indeed I will, roll em. I, Doctor Emmett Brown, am about to embark on an historic journey. What have I been thinking of, I almost forgot to bring some extra plutonium. How did I ever expect to get back, one pallet one trip I must be out of my mind. What is it Einy? Oh my god, they found me, I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Doc. He's a very strange young man. Look, you gotta listen to me.

Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. Hello. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. Aw yeah, everything is great.

Stop it. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. C'mon. No, fine, no , good, fine, good.

Yeah, he's right here. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Let's get him. In that case, I'll tell you strait out. He's an absolute dream.

Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house. Thank you. In about thirty years. Where's Einstein, is he with you? You bet. Shit.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. This is for all you lovers out there. Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model, I didn't have time to build it to scale or to paint it.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. C'mon.

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. My god, they found me. I don't know how but they found me. Run for it, Marty. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison.

You'll find out in thirty years. You got a permit for that? He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Yeah, I think maybe you do. Where?

Okay Doc, this is it. I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. You'll find out in thirty years. What's with the life preserver? No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity-

Back to the future. Let's get him. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Whoa, this is heavy. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here?

Yeah. Right, I got it. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world. This is for all you lovers out there.

Thank god I found you. Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at 1:15? I've made a major breakthrough, I'll need your assistance. Alright, I'm ready. What a nightmare. Whoa, whoa, kid, kid, stop, stop, stop, stop. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955.

Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Can I go now, Mr. Strickland? Doc. Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called.

Hey, hey listen guys. Look, I don't wanna mess with no reefer addicts, okay? I have a feeling too. Hi, Marty. Shit. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it.

And he could sleep in my room. It's my dad. Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. Its good. That's George McFly.

I have to tell you about the future. Jesus. I have to tell you about the future. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine.

Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage.

You know what I do in those situations? Pa, what is it? What is it, Pa? Well uh, good, fine. Oh. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. George. Good morning. He's alright. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social-

Uh, well, I haven't finished those up yet, but you know I figured since they weren't due till- No, fine, no , good, fine, good. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Leave me alone.

Marty you gotta come back with me. Right, and where am I gonna be? It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Here you go, lady. There's a quarter. Shit.

Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. I'll get it back to you, alright? That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him- Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance?

Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Nothing. Thank god I still got my hair. What on Earth is that thing I'm wearing? What?

He laid out Biff in one punch. I never knew he had it in him. He never stood up to Biff in his life. Yeah, he's right here. Uncle Jailbird Joey? Don't stop, Wilbert, drive. I have a feeling too.

I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. Wait a minute, wait a minute. 1:15 in the morning?

I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? Are you sure about this storm? Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed.

Alright, alright, okay McFly, get a grip on yourself. It's all a dream. Just a very intense dream. Woh, hey, listen, you gotta help me. No. Right, I got it. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein. Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning.

Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Uh, yeah. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing?

Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. You okay, is everything alright? Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. What did your mother ever see in that kid? Uh, coast guard.

Jesus. Calvin. So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. You know what I do in those situations? Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts.

Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks.

Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? Hey George, buddy, hey, I've been looking all over for you. You remember me, the guy who saved your life the other day. Sam, here's the young man you hit with your car out there. He's alright, thank god. Alright, okay listen, keep your pants on, she's over in the cafe. God, how do you do this? What made you change your mind, George? Listen, Doc.

Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? No. Oh, great scott. You get the cable, I'll throw the rope down to you. We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. Of course I do. Just a second, let's see if I could find it.

That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. I can't play. What? Hey, hey, Doc, where are you?

Don't tell me anything. Um, well it's a delorean, right? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. That's for messing up my hair.

Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Watch it, Goldie. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Save the clock tower.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Hello. Hello. Thank you. In about thirty years. Are you gonna order something, kid?

Biff. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Why not? Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. On the night I go back in time, you get- Doc.

Well that's your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein. it's written all over your underwear. Oh, I guess they call you Cal, huh? Yoo. That's a big bruise you have there. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall?

C'mon, Mom, make it fast, I'll miss my bus. Hey see you tonight, Pop. Woo, time to change that oil. Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post? My name's Lorraine, Lorraine Baines. Go. C'mon, c'mon.

Huh? Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Right, and where am I gonna be? Evening, Doctor Brown, what's with the wire?

Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? Say that again. The only way we're gonna get those two to successfully meet is if they're alone together. So you've got to get your father and mother to interact at some sort of social- I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Doc.

Marty, you made it. Marty you gotta come back with me. Ah, where're my pants? C'mon. Hey.

Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I think you got the wrong car, McFly. Okay.

Listen, Doc. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Marty. Marty. Marty. Unroll their fire.

Now that's a risk you'll have to take you're life depends on it. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay. Looks like a airplane, without wings. So tell me, future boy, who's president of the United States in 1985?

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside-

You broke it. Wow, look at him go. I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. It's about the future, isn't it? George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? Y'know this time it wasn't my fault. The Doc set all of his clocks twenty-five minutes slow.

Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Bet your ass it works. Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Why not?

Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. I just wanna use the phone. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Lorenzo, where're you keys? Marty, this may seem a little foreward, but I was wondering if you would ask me to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance on Saturday. Dear Doctor Brown, on the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. Why do you keep following me around? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Hey, don't I know you from somewhere? What?

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Well, they're bigger than me. That's good advice, Marty. You're George McFly. Yeah.

How's your head? Right, and where am I gonna be? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. Doc, wait. No, bastards. I have to tell you about the future.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. That's good advice, Marty. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Hey.

See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. That ain't no airplane, look. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas...

Right. Lou, gimme a milk, chocolate. Lorraine, my density has popped me to you. We do now. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Breakfast. What did I just say?

It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? Oh, then I wanna give her a call, I don't want her to worry about you. Shape up, man. You're a slacker. You wanna be a slacker for the rest of your life? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Where the hell are they. Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What? Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Yeah, exactly.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Perfect, just perfect. Wow, ah Red, you look great. Everything looks great. 1:24, I still got time. Oh my god. No, no not again, c'mon, c'mon. Hey. Libyans. C'mon. We all make mistakes in life, children

Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. C'mon. The storm. You'll find out in thirty years. I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later.

Yeah, I'll keep that in mind. Of course not, Biff, now I wouldn't want that to happen. Now, uh, I'll finish those reports up tonight, and I'll run em them on over first thing tomorrow, alright? You'll find out in thirty years. Yeah. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

Jesus. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Anyway, Grandpa hit him with the car and brought him into the house. He seemed so helpless, like a little lost puppy, my heart just went out for him. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Without any sugar.

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. What? Right, George. Well, good luck you guys. Oh, one other thing, if you guys ever have kids and one of them when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, be easy on him. Listen, Doc. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it.

Don't say a word. Nothing. My god, it's my mother. Put your pants back on. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, Brown, great, you're alive. Do you know where 1640 Riverside- Remember, fellas, the future is in your hands. If you believe in progress, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas, progress is his middle name. Mayor Red Thomas's progress platform means more jobs, better education, bigger civic improvements, and lower taxes. On election day, cast your vote for a proven leader, re-elect Mayor Red Thomas... Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Oh. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Radiation suit, of course, cause all of the fall out from the atomic wars. This is truly amazing, a portable television studio. No wonder your president has to be an actor, he's gotta look good on television. You're George McFly. Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Hey, McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here. Well it's gonna cost you. How much money you got on you? Well gee, I don't know.

Get your meat hooks off of me. Which one's your pop? Go. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry. Yeah, gimme a Tab. Huh? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Jennifer, oh are you a sight for sore eyes. Let me look at you.

You know Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really mad a difference in my life, you've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing, that I'm gonna be around to se 1985, that I'm gonna succeed in this. That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time. It's going to be really hard waiting 30 years before I could talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Well, she's not doing a very good job. C'mon, c'mon. Yeah.

I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc What Lorraine, what? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Yeah, gimme a Tab.

That's him. Uh, plutonium, wait a minute, are you telling me that this sucker's nuclear? Why not? Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Excuse me.

What's a rerun? Doc? Yeah, exactly. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. Over there, on my hope chest. I've never seen purple underwear before, Calvin.

Huh? Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. What? No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

Lorraine. Hey boy, are you alright? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Well, they're your parents, you must know them. What are their common interests, what do they like to do together? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin.

Now Biff, don't con me. Save the clock tower. Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. How's your head? How about a ride, Mister?

Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Marty you gotta come back with me. Calvin. Hey McFly, what do you think you're doing. So what's it to you, butthead. You know you've been looking for a, since you're new here, I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So why don't you make like a tree, and get out of here.

Doc, you gotta help- Right. It was meant to be. Anyway, if Grandpa hadn't hit him, then none of you would have been born. George. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

No, why, what's a matter? That's George McFly? A bolt of lightning, unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Calvin. I'd like you to meet my good friend George McFly. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid.

My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly?

What's that thing he's on? This is more serious than I thought. Apparently your mother is amorously infatuated with you instead of your father. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Uh, well, I gotta go. Hey I'm talking to you, McFly, you Irish bug.

Yeah. Marty, is that you? Uh listen, do you know where Riverside Drive is? Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. Weight has nothing to do with it.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? One point twenty-one gigawatts. One point twenty-one gigawatts. Great Scott. Hey c'mon, I had to change, you think I'm going back in that zoot suit? The old man really came through it worked.

Doc. Well, I figured, what the hell. Look, you gotta listen to me. Yeah, well, how about my homework, McFly? Don't tell me. Uh, you want me to buy a subscription to the Saturday Evening Post?

This is for all you lovers out there. That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Of course, from a group of Libyan Nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shiny bomb case full of used pinball machine parts. Why am I always the last one to know about these things.

Perfect, just perfect. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out. No no. Lorraine, Lorraine, what are you doing? Uh, you mean nobody's asked you? You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? George, aren't you gonna kiss me? Well, this is a radiation suit. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Of course, the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance they're supposed to go to this, that's where they kiss for the first time.

No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Doc? You too. Just finishing up the second coat now. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

Weight has nothing to do with it. No. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Yeah, he's right here. That's George McFly?

Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin? Jesus. Actually, people call me Marty. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? No, bastards.

Does your mom know about tomorrow night? Okay, but I don't know what to say. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it. Yeah. He's a peeping tom. Dad.

Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Huh? My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. Mom, Dad. I think you got the wrong car, McFly.

Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Yeah, sure, okay. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet. Alright, c'mon, I think we're safe.

Whoa, they really cleaned this place up, looks brand new. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. yes, Joey just loves being in his playpen. he cries whenever we take him out so we just leave him in there all the time. Well Marty, I hope you like meatloaf. Thanks, thanks a lot. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Take that you mutated son-of-a-bitch. My pine, why you. You space bastard, you killed a pine. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. Huh? Hello. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody.

That's for messing up my hair. Right. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Weight has nothing to do with it. Working.

Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next. Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium. Chuck, Chuck, its' your cousin. Your cousin Marvin Berry, you know that new sound you're lookin for, well listen to this. whoa, this is it, this is the part coming up, Doc. Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy.

C'mon, open up, let me out of here, Yo. Yeah. Lorenzo, where're you keys? Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? The flux capacitor.

Your, your right. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying. Uh, look me up when you get there. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Who are you? That's true, Marty, I think you should spend the night. I think you're our responsibility. Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? Well uh, good, fine.

Never? Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. That's right, he's gonna be mayor. What did you say?

Well, bring her along. This concerns her too. That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Precisely. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books?

But I can't go to the dance, I'll miss my favorite television program, Science Fiction Theater. Shit. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Doc. Marty, you interacted with anybody else today, besides me? Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Doc, she didn't even look at him. What's the meaning of this.

Looks like a airplane, without wings. Never? Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date. Do you mind if we park for a while?

I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? We're gonna take a little break but we'll be back in a while so, don't nobody go no where. What's with the life preserver? What? And he could sleep in my room.

Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Look, I'm just not ready to ask Lorraine out to the dance, and not you, nor anybody else on this planet is gonna make me change my mind. Yeah. Nothing, nothing, nothing, look tell her destiny has brought you together, tell her that she's the most beautiful you have ever seen. Girls like that stuff. What, what are you doing George? Are you okay?

Why not? I think I know exactly what you mean. Time machine, I haven't invented any time machine. Yeah okay. Thanks.

Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to get them re-typed. Do you realize what would happen if I hand in my reports in your handwriting. I'll get fired. You wouldn't want that to happen would you? Would you? I gotta go, uh, I gotta go. Thanks very much, it was wonderful, you were all great. See you all later, much later. No.

Without any sugar. I don't know, I can't keep up with all of your boyfriends. Precisely. Wait a minute, what are you doing, Doc? I have to tell you about the future.

No. Yeah, where does he live? Let's get him. Doc. He's alright.

Children. Mother, with Marty's parents out of town, don't you think he oughta spend the night, after all, Dad almost killed him with the car. Jennifer. Back to the future. My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

That's right. Yeah. We all make mistakes in life, children Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? What?

Nothing. He's a peeping tom. Dad. You too. Never? Hello, Jennifer.

This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. George: you ever think of running for class president? How's your head? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. The future, it's where you're going?

We never would have fallen in love. You'll find out. Hey, not too early I sleep in on Saturday. Oh, McFly, your shoe's untied. Don't be so gullible, McFly. You got the place fixed up nice, McFly. I have you're car towed all the way to your house and all you've got for me is light beer. What are you looking at, butthead. Say hi to your mom for me. Doc, wait. No, bastards. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen.

Oh yes sir. You broke it. Wow, look at him go. I hope you don't mind but George asked if he could take me home. Jennifer. Oh, what I meant to day was-

Precisely. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. And Jack Benny is secretary of the Treasury. Right, gimme a Pepsi free.

Marty, are you alright? She's just trying to keep you respectable. What did I just say? C'mon, c'mon. Calvin, why do you keep calling me Calvin?

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. We never would have fallen in love. Hey, hey, Doc, where are you? Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advice, I'll never forget it. Dammit, Doc, why did you have to tear up that letter? If only I had more time. Wait a minute, I got all the time I want I got a time machine, I'll just go back and warn him. 10 minutes oughta do it. Time-circuits on, flux-capacitor fluxing, engine running, alright. No, no no no no, c'mon c'mon. C'mon c'mon, here we go, this time. Please, please, c'mon.

Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? Now remember, according to my theory you interfered with with your parent's first meeting. They don't meet, they don't fall in love, they won't get married and they wont have kids. That's why your older brother's disappeared from that photograph. Your sister will follow and unless you repair the damages, you will be next.

Well, ma, we talked about this, we're not gonna go to the lake, the car's wrecked. What were you doing in the middle of the street, a kid your age. I haven't Stop it. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

Where does he come from? You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Wrecked? This is uh, this is heavy duty, Doc, this is great. Uh, does it run on regular unleaded gasoline? Um, well it's a delorean, right?

Ah, honey, your first novel. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. No, fine, no , good, fine, good. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Don't tell me anything.

Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmet Brown, I'm standing here on the parking lot of- Which one's your pop? I will. You do? Yeah, it's in the back.

I'll call you tonight. Einstein, hey Einstein, where's the Doc, boy, huh? Doc Yeah. Excuse me. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun.

Well gee, I don't know. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. Hello. I think we need a rematch. It's safe now. Everything's lead lined. Don't you lose those tapes now, we'll need a record. Wup, wup, I almost forgot my luggage. Who knows if they've got cotton underwear in the future. I'm allergic to all synthetics.

Well, safe and sound, now, n good old 1955. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Unroll their fire. Wait a minute. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Oh, if Paul calls me tell him I'm working at the boutique late tonight. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. I said the keys are in here. What, I don't get what happened. Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? What? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. That's George McFly.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. Right about here. Quiet. Look, there's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual coming up. It's already mutated into human form, shoot it.

Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium. Why am I always the last one to know about these things. Can't be. This is nuts. Aw, c'mon. Don't pay any attention to him, he's in one of his moods. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing, come in here to dinner. Now let's see, you already know Lorraine, this is Milton, this is Sally, that's Toby, and over there in the playpen is little baby Joey. What did I just say?

C'mon, more, dammit. Jeez. Holy shit. Let's see if you bastards can do ninety. Doc, she didn't even look at him. Marty, will we ever see you again? What? Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.

Right, and where am I gonna be? Watch it, Goldie. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Hey man, the dance is over. Unless you know someone else who could play the guitar. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now.

What's a rerun? Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Are you okay? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop.

Okay, but I don't know what to say. Stand tall, boy, have some respect for yourself. Don't you know that if you let people walk all over you know, they'll be walking all over you for the rest of your life? Listen to me, do you think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? I can't play. Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town.

Shit. You know, Doc, you left your equipment on all week. C'mon, c'mon. You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers, I will be mayor and I'll be the most powerful mayor in the history of Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. George, help me, please.

What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Our first television set, Dad just picked it up today. Do you have a television? Say that again.

Wrecked? When did this happen and- I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. Stop it. You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother? I got enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy.

Alright, I'm ready. That's a Florence Nightingale effect. It happens in hospitals when nurses fall in love with their patients. Go to it, kid. Yeah, I think it's a major embarrassment having an uncle in prison. Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? Yeah, sure, okay.

A colored mayor, that'll be the day. Yeah, it's in the back. Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.

Stop it. Ronald Reagon, the actor? Then who's vice president, Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wymann is the first lady. You too. I'm gonna ram him. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry.

Who, who? No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees. Something that really cooks. Alright, alright this is an oldie, but uh, it's an oldie where I come from. Alright guys, let's do some blues riff in b, watch me for the changes, and uh, try and keep up, okay.

Don't worry, I'll take care of the lightning, you take care of your pop. By the way, what happened today, did he ask her out? Yeah I know, If you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Why is she gonna get angry with you? No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Um, yeah well I might have sort of ran into my parents.

What, what is it hot? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him. Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty, don't go this way. Strickland's looking for you. If you're caught it'll be four tardies in a row. Um, yeah, I'm on my way.

Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? Well, I guess that's everything. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? Thank you. In about thirty years. Doc, you gotta help me. you were the only one who knows how your time machine works.

Quiet, quiet. I'm gonna read your thoughts. Let's see now, you've come from a great distance? Like I always told you, if you put your mind to it you could accomplish anything. Calvin. Oh. Hi.

We all make mistakes in life, children Whoa, whoa, okay. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh. Hey. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor.

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. Aw yeah, everything is great. Go. Go. Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. Oh, you mean how you're supposed to act on a first date.

Without any sugar. Okay Doc, this is it. Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. You have this thing hooked up to the car? Unfortunately no, it requires something with a little more kick, plutonium.

Well, she's not doing a very good job. Give me a hand, Lorenzo. Ow, dammit, man, I sliced my hand. I still don't understand, how am I supposed to go to the dance with her, if she's already going to the dance with you. You cost three-hundred buck damage to my car, you son-of-a-bitch. And I'm gonna take it out of your ass. Hold him. I don't know, but I'm gonna find out.

Hi, Marty. Who? I'm telling the truth, Doc, you gotta believe me. Mom, Dad. The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out.

That's right. I'll call you tonight. Let's go. Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Actually, people call me Marty.

We do now. I just wanna use the phone. He's a very strange young man. Uh? Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

You okay, is everything alright? Oh, pleased to meet you, Calvin Marty Klein. Do you mind if I sit here? Why that's me, look at me, I'm an old man. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you.

He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. Really. Yeah, who are you? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Well, now we gotta sneak this back into my laboratory, we've gotta get you home.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Well just gimme something without any sugar in it, okay? You bet. I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

That's him. I think I know exactly what you mean. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. Hey Dad, George, hey, you on the bike. Right.

Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Good evening, I'm Doctor Emmett Brown. I'm standing on the parking lot of Twin Pines Mall. It's Saturday morning, October 26, 1985, 1:18 a.m. and this is temporal experiment number one. C'mon, Einy, hey hey boy, get in there, that a boy, in you go, get down, that's it. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Doc, Doc. Oh, no. You're alive. Bullet proof vest, how did you know, I never got a chance to tell you. About all that talk about screwing up future events, the space time continuum. Doc, look, all we need is a little plutonium.

It's my dad. I think I know exactly what you mean. I just wanna use the phone. Who do you think, the Libyans. Whoa, this is heavy.

What, I don't get what happened. Alright, McFly, you're asking for it, and now you're gonna get it. I'll call you tonight. It's cold, damn cold. Ha, ha, ha, Einstein, you little devil. Einstein's clock is exactly one minute behind mine, it's still ticking. Well, it will just happen. Like the way I met your father.

Right, gimme a Pepsi free. Yeah. Ho ho ho, look at it roll. Now we could watch Jackie Gleason while we eat. That's a big bruise you have there. Now, Biff, um, can I assume that your insurance is gonna pay for the damage?

Hello. Yeah, I guessed you're a sailor, aren't you, that's why you wear that life preserver. George, buddy. remember that girl I introduced you to, Lorraine. What are you writing? What's with the life preserver? Science Fiction Theater.

You heard her she said get your meat hooks, off, uh please. No no no, Doc, I just got here, okay, Jennifer's here, we're gonna take the new truck for a spin. Just finishing up the second coat now. Quiet down, I'm sure the car is fine. I will.

Doc? Am I to understand you're still hanging around with Doctor Emmett Brown, McFly? Tardy slip for you, Miss Parker. And one for you McFly I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickle's worth of advice, young man. This so called Doctor Brown is dangerous, he's a real nutcase. You hang around with him you're gonna end up in big trouble. I will. whoa, whoa Doc, stuck here, I can't be stuck here, I got a life in 1985. I got a girl. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

George, there's nothing to be scared of. All it takes is a little self confidence. You know, if you put your mind to it, you could accomplish anything. Oh. It's information about the future isn't it. I warned you about this kid. The consequences could be disastrous. C'mon, he's not that bad. At least he's letting you borrow the car tomorrow night. Look at the time, you've got less than 4 minutes, please hurry.

I do understand. If I know too much about my own future I could endanger my own existence, just as you endangered yours. Sam, quit fiddling with that thing and come in here and eat your dinner. When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. You have this thing hooked up to the car? What about George?

Okay, okay you guys, oh ha ha ha very funny. Hey you guys are being real mature. Unroll their fire. Yeah, it's 8:00. Good morning, Mom. But you're good, Marty, you're really good. And this audition tape of your is great, you gotta send it in to the record company. It's like Doc's always saying.

Hey Marty, I'm not your answering service, but you're outside pouting about the car, Jennifer Parker called you twice. Yoo. Never mind that now, never mind that now. Listen, Doc, you know there's something I haven't told you about the night we made that tape. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space.

What? Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me? The car, Dad, I mean He wrecked it, totaled it. I needed that car tomorrow night, Dad, I mean do you have any idea how important this was, do you have any clue? Wait a minute, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that you built a time machine out of a delorean. Yeah, who are you?

Yeah man, that was good. Let's do another one. After I fell off my toilet, I drew this. I'm gonna be at the dance. Oh, you make it sound so easy. I just, I wish I wasn't so scared. George, aren't you gonna kiss me?

Yoo. No sir, I'm gonna make something out of myself, I'm going to night school and one day I'm gonna be somebody. Don't tell me anything. Hello, hello, anybody home? Think, McFly, think. I gotta have time to recopy it. Do your realize what would happen if I hand in my homework in your handwriting? I'd get kicked out of school. You wouldn't want that to happen would you, would you? You know Marty, you look so familiar, do I know your mother?

Bet your ass it works. Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. I'm gonna get that son-of-a-bitch. That's him. Uh?

Then how am I supposed to ever meet anybody. Hey, hey, I've seen this one, I've seen this one. This is a classic, this is where Ralph dresses up as the man from space. Oh hey, Biff, hey, guys, how are you doing? I'm really gonna miss you. Doc, about the future- Just say anything, George, say what ever's natural, the first thing that comes to your mind.

Now which one was it, Greg or Craig? But, what are you blind McFly, it's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? He's your brother, Mom. Bet your ass it works. Mom, is that you?

Well, what if they didn't like them, what if they told me I was no good. I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. That's right. Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Whoa, wait a minute, Doc, are you telling me that my mother has got the hots for me?

We never would have fallen in love. Okay, real mature guys. Okay, Biff, will you pick up my books? Never mind that now, never mind that now. Pretty Mediocre photographic fakery, they cut off your brother's hair. Hot, Jesus Christ, Doc. Jesus Christ, Doc, you disintegrated Einstein.

I noticed you band is on the roster for dance auditions after school today. Why even bother Mcfly, you haven't got a chance, you're too much like your own man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley. Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Yeah. Please, Marty, don't tell me, no man should know too much about their own destiny.

Yes, yes, I'm George, George McFly, and I'm your density. I mean, I'm your destiny. Sit here, Marty. Is she pretty? So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. Where the hell are they.

Okay, alright, Saturday is good, Saturday's good, I could spend a week in 1955. I could hang out, you could show me around. Right check, Doc. He's an absolute dream. Well, Biff. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance.

